======================================================================
Transcript: President Trump Participates in a Bilateral Lunch with the Prime Minister of Hungary
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_DqpIeFAxg
Upload date: 2025-11-07
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Event metadata:
  Type: other
  Event time: 2025-11-07T17:33:11+00:00
======================================================================
[00:00] Donald Trump:
Well, thank you very much. It's an honor to have a friend of mine here, Viktor Orbán, the Prime Minister of Hungary, and he's done a fantastic job. He's a very powerful man within his country, but he's also beloved. They love Viktor and the people that know him do. He's run a really great country and he's got no crime, he's got no problems like some countries do, but probably has a couple of things that I don't know about, maybe that I don't want to know about. But he's a very special person. I've known him for a long time. We're going to be talking trade. We're going to be talking a little bit of Russia, Ukraine. We'll be talking about energy and energy prices. We have energy down to a pretty low point right now in the United States. We're drilling, drill, baby, drill, we call it. But energy costs are very low. Our general costs are very low. And I just saw that Walmart came out with a statement last night. They've done it for many years that Thanksgiving this year will cost 25% less than Thanksgiving last year under Sleepy Joe Biden. So that's a big difference. That's a big difference. 25% less Thanksgiving. And I think that's a very good charge. They include everything, everything that you need for Thanksgiving. So it's 25% less this year than it was last year. And that's true. That's emblematic of the rest of prices. Energy prices are way down from what they were last year. Inflation is almost non-existent. We have inflation down to a very low number, whereas Biden, as you know, has the worst inflation in the history of our country. So we're doing very well. We have a shutdown, as you probably know, because the Democrats are gone. They're crazy. They're crazy. But they don't care if they hurt the country. But we've approved it 14 times. We've approved a opening up 14 times and they keep rejecting it. And I guess maybe they will again. Let's see what happens. They want to have a lot of bad things happen, bad things for our country. We're not going to give 1.5 trillion dollars to people that came into our country illegally. We're not going to do it. To people that came from prisons, they came from mental institutions, drug dealers, they want to give them medical care. 1.5 trillion dollars. And we're not going to do other things that they're requesting also. So I just want to welcome this really good person. I know him very well. He's a good person and he's a great leader and he's loved in his country. And Viktor, would you like to say a few words?

[02:35] Viktor Orbán:
Thank you very much, President. Thank you. First of all, may I say that thank you very much for the invitation. It's good to see you, President, back to the White House. And good to be back after six years anyway, again to see you here as we have met last time. The reason why we are here is to open a new chapter between the bilateral relation of United States and Hungary. Basically because during the Democrat administration everything was ruined. So after your leaving, President, everything was basically blocked, ruined, canceled, a lot of harm done by the previous administration. In the last 10 months, President, what you have done, we are very much grateful for that. You restored the old level of the relationship. You improved the bilateral relation. You repaired what was done badly by the previous administration. So now we are in quite a good position to open up a new chapter. Let's say a golden age between United States and Hungary. And we have plenty of suggestions for today: economic cooperation, military cooperation and political cooperation. And the main issue probably, President, you know we are neighboring Ukraine which is in war. It's the most important issue for us and we would like to discuss with you how we can contribute to help you in your peace efforts.

[03:57] Donald Trump:
And you've taken a lot of Ukrainians that needed your help and you've taken a lot of them in your country and everybody appreciates that. Thank you very much, yeah. We do our best. Thank you very much. Any questions please?

[04:12] Reporter:
Mr. Orbán has requested exemption as it relates to oil that is coming from Russia. Is that something that you are prepared to do? And may I ask Mr. Orbán a question in regards to that very issue?

[04:31] Donald Trump:
Sure. We're looking at it because it's very difficult for him to get the oil and gas from other areas. As you know, they don't have the advantage of having sea. It's a great country. It's a big country, but they don't have sea. They don't have the ports. And so they have a difficult problem. There's another country that has that same problem by the way. But when you look at what's happened with Europe, many of those countries, they don't have those problems and they buy a lot of oil and gas from Russia. And as they know I'm very disturbed by that because we're helping them and they're going and buying oil and gas from Russia. So that question could be really asked maybe more accurately if you talked about many European countries, not Hungary necessarily, because Hungary is in a different position. But many European countries are buying oil and gas from Russia and they have been for years. And I say, what's that all about, right? Thank you.

[05:29] Viktor Orbán:
So that will be one of the issues for today to explain clearly what would be the consequences for the Hungarian people and for the Hungarian economy not to get oil and gas from Russia because we are supplied by pipelines. Pipeline is not an ideological or political issue. It's a physical reality because we don't have port exactly as the President explained to you. So we will negotiate on that point. It's vital for us anyway.

[05:51] Reporter:
Mr. Orbán, there are two pipelines as I understand. There's a pipeline from Ukraine and there's a pipeline from Croatia. My understanding is that the pipeline from Croatia can provide all of Hungary's energy needs. As a result, why would you need an exemption if that's the case?

[06:09] Viktor Orbán:
So when we discuss that issue, you should separate the gas and the oil. On the gas issue, which is very important for us, 90% of the Hungarian households based on heating system based on gas, so we have only one pipeline delivering gas to Hungary, which is the main pipeline, the Turkish one. What we got from Croatia is a very small volume supplementary gas pipeline. Okay, that's gas. Oil is another issue. So oil is coming from the Druzhba pipeline, which is the main supply, and there is a Croatian one which is the secondary and supplementary pipeline. We would like to convince the Croatian government to enlarge it and make it possible to deliver more. Under the circumstances, it cannot be the main pipeline. It's just supplementary. But later on with some big investments, it could serve better the interest of Hungary. Yes, please, go ahead.

[07:05] Reporter:
Many people see this meeting not just as an encounter between two countries but as the symbol of the strengthening of the new conservative world alliance. Would you agree with this interpretation and how do you see the future of Europe in the light of leaders like Viktor Orbán stand up to Brussels' bureaucracy and the globalist agenda?

[07:37] Donald Trump:
Are you from Hungary? I figured. The fact is that he's a great leader and he's respected all over, not necessarily liked by some of the leaders, but you know those leaders have proven to be wrong. If you look at his stance on immigration and other things, you know, if you look at Europe, they've made tremendous mistakes on immigration. It's really hurting them very badly. He has not made a mistake on immigration. So he's respected by everybody. He's liked by some and I can tell you I like and respect him. I'm a double. I like and respect him. And that's the way Hungary is being led. They're being led properly and that's why he's going to be very successful in his upcoming election. May I have a comment on that?

[08:23] Viktor Orbán:
Your language is important because the Anglo-Saxon terminology is different from the European one. So to use categories can create some misunderstanding. So I would like to be clear as much as we can. We are the only government in Europe which consider itself as a modern Christian government. All the other governments in Europe are basically liberal leftist governments. So we try to do something from 2010 which is different from what the others are doing even at the philosophical level and at the level of practice as well, as just the President described it, like migration. So we are a kind of a special island of difference in a liberal ocean in Europe. And we considered ourselves as a modern Christian government. That's the proper category to describe what we are doing.

[09:18] Donald Trump:
We're talking, but we'll report on that later. Meetings with Putin. We were talking about that with Viktor. He understands Putin and knows him very well and I feel that, I mean, I'm going to let you say what you think, but I think that Viktor feels we're going to get that war ended in the not-too-distant future. Viktor, do you want to talk about that?

[09:41] Viktor Orbán:
No, I'm strongly convinced. So the question is whether we Westerners are unified or not. The problem is that the President has huge peace efforts which are just splendid and very positive for the European continent and for the people of Europe. But at the same time we are not unified because Brussels and the Europeans have a different approach to the war. So the only pro-peace government is the United States government and the small Hungary in Europe anyway. All the other governments prefer to continue the war because many of them think that Ukraine can win on the frontline, which is a misunderstanding of the situation. So it's a complicated issue. We will discuss it. It requests not just two minutes to respond to your question, but rather an hour lecture, sorry, not to continue more. So you would say that Ukraine cannot win that war? You know, miracle can happen.

[10:39] Donald Trump:
Yeah. That's right.

[10:41] Reporter:
What is your message to the EU because about Hungary and the EU wants to impose their war policies on Hungary. What is your message?

[10:55] Donald Trump:
Well, I think they should respect Hungary and respect this leader very, very strongly because he's been right on immigration. Look what's happened to Europe with the immigration. They have people flooding Europe all over the place and it's hurting it. The crime rates are way up. A lot of bad things are happening. His crime rates are very low. They're the same as they always were, which is very little crime, because he's kept it the way it should be. Europe, I mean I don't want to go into individual countries, they're all friends of mine. Every one as you know in NATO, they voted to go from 2% to 5% and you know that nobody thought that was possible and we had just about almost other than Spain a unanimous vote. No, I think that I think they respect him a lot. They don't agree with him, but actually inwardly I think they probably do agree. What he he was right on immigration. They were wrong. They are flooding Europe with people from all over the world and Europe is becoming a different place. And I tell the leaders all the time: you better stop or you're not going to have Europe anymore. It's a very dangerous thing they're doing.

[12:08] Viktor Orbán:
Please, may I have a reflection on that? So on migration issue, just for clarification, in Hungary the number of illegal migration is like that. It's zero. Zero. Because we have a crystal clear system. If somebody would like to come to Hungary, first he should ask for that. If we give the permission, they can step in. Nobody can step on the territory of Hungary without having a permission from the Hungarian authorities. This is the regulation, simple, well-working. What is the consequence of that? We are under sanctions, financial sanctions of European Union, because we don't let the illegal migrations to come to Hungary and to the European Union as well. So we have to pay, just to inform you, we have to pay every day 1 million Euro as a punishment to the Brussels budget because we stop the migrants. This is the absurd world we are living now in Europe.

[13:02] Reporter:
I'd like to ask whether what do you think, what do you believe after this meeting can you have maybe or the European Union will have another opinion about Hungary because of this penalty, another opinion about Hungary because of the immigration and because of all this kind of politics, which is not that strictly as the European Union directs. What do you believe?

[13:32] Donald Trump:
I do have that conversation with them and I respect and like them. You know, they're all friends of mine. I think pretty much every single leader in Europe is a friend of mine. We get along really well. They've done everything I've asked them to do with NATO, etc. The only thing they continue to do is buy oil from Russia. That's not too good. But I told them they should respect this man. They can also learn from Viktor. Viktor has had a very hard stance on more than anything else immigration or even illegal immigration. He literally has accepted no one over the years. Think of how much greater these countries would be if they didn't have the tremendous crime that has come in with the immigration. People just flowing into Europe. They've got to stop it and not only stop it, they have to reverse it. They have to get them out. We've done that here. We have zero people coming in now. The borders are closed. We take people but we take them legally. But we've done it very strongly and we're moving hundreds of thousands, millions of people out. We had of the 20 million people, 25 million people, nobody knows even what the number is. They never knew. Biden had no idea. He wasn't he had no idea what was happening because he was about open borders. But we had open borders and we had millions of people come in and they were coming in from jails, they were coming in from mental institutions, they were coming in as drug dealers. We had 11,888 murderers. Half of them committed more than one murder. We're getting them all out. We're getting them out. He doesn't have that problem, but Europe does have that problem. Other parts of Europe have that problem. So you know I tell them all the time. I stick up for Viktor Orbán. Not a lot of people do because they're in many cases they're jealous. They wish they did what he did. They would have no problems if they did what he did. And I have a bigger heart than anybody, but you know they've destroyed some of those countries. Some of those countries had no crime 10 years ago and now they have quite a bit of crime. And I would say that I don't know anything about your crime levels, but I would imagine they're very low.

[15:51] Viktor Orbán:
They're very low. One of the best in Europe. I had a feeling.
[16:01] No, no, no, just just to clarification as well. I'm not here to ask help President Trump to manage my conflicts or our conflicts with the European Union. This is our matter. So we will do it. What we need is a golden age, to open a golden age of the United States-Hungary relationship. That's the biggest help we can get from United States.

[16:23] Donald Trump:
And maybe Europe too. We can include Europe. Inside the European Union, we will manage all our affairs. To be the most possible humble guy, yeah? But I'm the longest serving Prime Minister of Europe. I survived all the other Prime Ministers who attacked us and I'm sure we will survive next years as well. So we will manage our conflicts successfully.

[16:48] Reporter:
Speaking of Europe, last month you said that you would not withdraw US troops from Europe. Yet, weeks later, the Pentagon announced decided to withdraw significant number of troops from Romania. So have you changed your mind or the Pentagon ignored your assurance?

[17:13] Donald Trump:
No, they don't ignore anything that I say. What they do do is we make changes. We move it's the same number, total number, but we move people around. I happen to like the Romanian people. I think they're great people. And Pete, you may want to suggest something right there, please.

[17:30] Pete:
Absolutely. No, nothing was uncoordinated with the White House. It's all part of the view that we have of Europe and there will remain troops in Romania, but there's some change in how we rotate and how many we rotate.

[17:42] Donald Trump:
And the relationship with Romania is very good, right? It's very good and we've coordinated all this with Secretary General Rutte, with throughout EUCOM, throughout our allies. Everyone was notified in advance. The relationship with Romania is very good. The relationship with Europe is very good. I disagree with what Europe is doing having to do with immigration, but I agree with them on many other subjects. We just signed the biggest trade deal ever made with Europe, $950 billion. We were able to do it because of tariffs. It was a deal that was good, very good. But we had a very unfair deal. We were treated very badly before I came into office, but we just signed. It's the single biggest trade deal ever signed. So we have a very good relationship with Europe. Yeah.

[18:27] Reporter:
What is the main dispute with the Russians which prevent the Budapest summit with Putin?

[18:37] Donald Trump:
The basic dispute is they just don't want to stop yet. And I think they will. I think that it's taking a big toll on Russia. Big toll on both countries, obviously. But it's taken a big toll. They're losing 7,000 soldiers a week. That's a big toll. And between the two of them, divided, you know with Russia losing more soldiers actually, but they're both losing a lot of people. And that's the primary thing that with me. It's not economic. It's not money. In fact, we don't spend any money. We send it to NATO, they pay us for our missiles and for our military and everything else. We don't it's not a question of money. It was with Biden. He spent $350 billion, he got nothing for it. The war would have never happened if I were President, the war would have never happened. I think you would agree with that. This war would have never happened if I were President. It's stupid that it happened, but it did happen. I inherited the war and I think we're going to get it ended not too distant future.

[19:39] Viktor Orbán:
No question that if that time the name of the United States President would have been Donald Trump, there would be no war between Ukraine and Russia. That's clear. But what we are speaking about here is more than that. Because without the pressure coming from the United States government, I'm speaking 2022, the Europeans would not take that hard line what they have today on the war. Remember that big countries of Europe rejected to be involved more than just sending some, you know, humanitarian issues. So the pressure coming from the United States to be more pro-war in Europe, so that that's the fact of the history anyway. So we have to restore something which was which was ruined and created from here. And that's the reason why I'm I'm understanding absolutely the devotion of the President now to do everything to stop the war because that would not be that that deep without the previous pressure, previous government pressure from here. So the reason why I'm here to be as much as helpful I can to contribute to the peace efforts of the President because that was a enormous mistake what we have done. I mean the Western world several years ago and we have to stop it and it's common responsibility.

[20:51] Donald Trump:
Biden actually pushed for that war to happen, okay, if you can believe it. Nobody can believe it, but it's one of those things. And now look what happened. Look what's happened to Ukraine. It's a much smaller country. A lot of people are dead. You take a look at what it's a whole different world over there. And Russia has not been helped very much by that war either. They lost tremendous number of soldiers and people. And you know, look, that war should have been a one-week war. I don't know why it's taken this is four years. Should have been one week, should have been over with, but it would have never started. Should have never started. And I would have solved the problem without giving up anything. Ukraine would have remained as is. So there were tremendous mistakes long before I got there. I inherited that mess but we're getting it solved along with the eight wars that we've already ended.

[21:46] Reporter:
What is your interest, cultivating better relations with the EU leader or Orbán?

[21:52] Donald Trump:
I think I can do both. I mean, there's no reason why can't I. I get along well with the European nation. He's still member of European Union so it's easy. Yeah. And by the way he's a member in good standing I guess, although they penalize him every so often. But he's a member in good standing with the European Union so he's a he's a member. He's a you know he's a part of it. But I get along great with him. I get along very well with them. I agree with him on immigration much more than I agree with them, but I agree with you know a lot of a lot of the things in Europe he also agrees with. But he he had a difference I would say primarily on immigration more than anything else and I happen to think he's right because their whole fabric is changed. I mean you go to some of the countries they're unrecognizable now because of what they've done. And Hungary is very recognizable.

[22:42] Reporter:
Mr. President, would you have a peace meeting in Budapest still this year? What do you think?

[22:47] Donald Trump:
You mean a meeting with President Putin? In Hungary? Well I'd like to keep it in Hungary in Budapest. That meeting, it turned out I didn't want to do that meeting because I didn't think anything was going to be happening of significance. But if we have it, I'd like to do it in Budapest. Yeah, it'd be good.

[23:07] Reporter:
Mr. President, you said many times to support Viktor Orbán. Why is it important to win the next election for example for United States, Hungary and also Europe? Why is it important?

[23:18] Donald Trump:
Well I don't know his opponent. I don't know if he has an opponent yet. At some point he will I guess. You know we always have opponents. Right? Not much of an opponent. But I'll be supportive of him. He's done a fantastic job. We've had a great relationship. The United States, look, we had a country that had no leader, it had an auto-pen. Illegal auto-pen. Totally illegal. And that's coming out stronger and stronger. But we had we had no leader in the United States. I mean Hungary as an example had no relationship with the United States even though we do, you know, billions of dollars in trade with Hungary. Hungary's a big country economically. We do, you know, billions of dollars in trade with Hungary. Why would they give that up? And they gave up so much else. Look, they gave up everything. This country was poorly run. I think if I didn't win the election we might not have a country if you want to know the truth. Not a recognizable country. But our relationship was immediately good as soon as I won the election because Viktor's one of the people that's highly respected and we had a great relationship with Hungary. We'd do it again. That was an easy one.

[24:32] Reporter:
Do you and Prime Minister Orbán agree on ways to put pressure on President Putin to come to the negotiating table to end the war in Ukraine?

[24:41] Donald Trump:
I think we agree that the war's going to end. Sometimes people have to fight it out a little bit longer but I think we agree that the war is going to end in the not-too-distant future. You want to talk about that Viktor? No, I'm I have some ideas and I will I will present it to the President. How to do it.

[25:03] Reporter:
Mr. President, since you brought up the Walmart Thanksgiving meal and it is cheaper, but it also contains less...

[25:12] Donald Trump:
Well I haven't heard that. You're telling me. Who are you with? Who are you with?

[25:15] Reporter:
I'm with NBC News, sir.

[25:17] Donald Trump:
Fake news. NBC. You're fake news. What a NBC's gone down the tubes along with most of the rest of them.

[25:23] Reporter:
I was just saying, but then I asked why do you think there's such a disconnect between the economy that you're describing day-to-day and the way many Americans say they are feeling and concerned about it.

[25:31] Donald Trump:
Well they feel better about our country right now other than the shutdown obviously which is caused by the Democrats, could be ended by the Democrats in two minutes. They feel much better. We have more jobs. We just set a record on jobs. You do know that. We have more investment in our country than any country in history. We're over 18 trillion dollars as of this moment and we're going to be maybe at 20 or 21 trillion by the time I finish up my first year. And there's been no country, China, no country in the world that's done anywhere even close to that number. Your friend Biden as an example in four years was less than a trillion. We'll be at 21 trillion in one year. So there's no country that was even close to that. And our country was a laughing stock all over the world. We have more jobs, we have more potential than any other country and frankly we're the hottest country right now. Viktor said to me before, we're the hottest country anywhere in the world. Think of it. We'll have 20, 21 trillion dollars invested. We have auto plants pouring back in. We have AI pouring back in. We're leading China in AI by a lot. We're leading everybody in every category. There's no category that we're in second place. So I just heard this yesterday that Walmart said that the Thanksgiving was 25% more expensive, 25% more expensive under Biden. That's a big to me that's a that's a big number. Because Walmart's respected. I mean Walmart is Walmart and you know they're giving you prices. So that would mean that the whole series of pricing and and costs, you know the groceries and everything else, it was a con job. It was a con job. Affordability they call it, was a con job by the by the Democrats. The Democrats are good at a few things: cheating on elections and conning people with facts that aren't true. It was 25% Walmart just announced it two days ago. 25% cheaper this year will be cheaper to have Thanksgiving than it was a year ago under Sleepy Joe Biden.

[27:42] Reporter:
You said affordability is a con job and you didn't want to you said last night you didn't want to talk about affordability.

[27:49] Donald Trump:
I talk about it. When did I when did I not want to talk about it? I talk about it all the time. We are much better than Biden and all of them. Now, just so you understand, do you remember that the Biden administration had the highest inflation in 48 years but most people say ever recorded. Do you remember that? Right? Do you remember it? Did they have the highest inflation in 48 years? Did they? Just answer me the question. You know the answer. The answer is yes. They had the worst inflation in 48 years. We have almost no inflation. We're down now to 2% and we'll be at maybe 1%. You want to always stay above 1% actually. You want a little tiny bit of inflation. We're at a perfect number. They were at the highest level in recorded history, okay? And when you talk about affordability, that one fact now, let's talk about the second biggest subject after inflation, energy. We're going to be at $2 gasoline. We're going to be at approximately $2 very soon. We're a little bit above $2 right now for gasoline. Now, under Biden it was four and a half, it even hit five, but it was four dollars, three and a half dollars. We're going to be at $2 a gallon. So gasoline's much less. Energy costs are less. When you have energy and when you have gasoline less, everything else follows. It's such a big category. So when you have lower energy prices, which I think you admit we do substantially, that means everything else. So we are the victors on affordability. But if I I watched that election which I was not much involved in. I didn't support Virginia the candidate, didn't do a lot of support for the other candidate. They asked me about Cuomo and I said well it's a question do you want a thug or do you want a communist? I mean that was my response. So I wasn't involved in that stuff too much. But I will say this, if you look at affordability which they campaigned on, they lied because they talked about oh prices are up. No, no. Prices are down under the Trump administration and they're down substantially. Energy prices are down by 30, 35, 40%. Gasoline is way down. And the other big thing is we started, inflation is way down. The big the biggest thing is inflation, the second biggest thing is energy. Energy is way down. And what's also down, gasoline. Also the biggest thing is inflation and it's way down. We took over a mess. The highest inflation in recorded history. Some people would say 48 years. I'll take either one of them. But I believe it's the highest inflation in recorded history. That alone makes it impossible for them to have done a good job affordability-wise. One other thing. When I came into office, Viktor, two days into office they were screaming at me about the cost of eggs. I was there for two days. Eggs had quadrupled. And I said listen, I just I just got here. Let me check it out. And they were right. Eggs had gone up by three, four times. Within a period of a few months we had eggs down to a normal cost. We did a great job on groceries and affordability. The only problem is the fake news you people don't want to report it. And in fact, I'd like to ask Caroline. Where's Caroline? I'd like to ask Caroline a question. Where is she? Did she uh-oh she deserted us. She deserted me. Our great Caroline superstar deserted me. Anyway she's right outside she's going to talk about because the fake news yesterday they talked about that. They said oh I don't want to talk about affordability. The reason I don't want to talk about affordability is because everybody knows that it's far less expensive under Trump than it was under Sleepy Joe Biden. And the prices are way down. Caroline? Yes, sir. Could you discuss that question that was asked and how how it was asked in such a fake disgusting manner by the fake news?

[31:49] Caroline (White House Staff):
Yeah and I just saw asked again here. It's very unfortunate that the reporters in this room refuse to address, sir, what you just said which is that you inherited the worst inflation crisis in modern American history and you are fixing it in 10 short months. Your entire administration has been tasked with this effort from Treasury Department to Agriculture Department to the National Economic Council right here at the White House. They are slashing regulation. He signed the largest middle-class tax cut in six months. In six months in record time to put more money back into American families' pockets. So affordability is what the American people elected the President to do and he is doing it and you guys refuse to cover it and you refuse to cover that the previous administration created the worst unaffordability crisis in American history and I've been watching the TV all day saying that he doesn't want to talk about affordability. That's what he's working on every day and that's what he's talking about right now but you know why they refuse to cover it? Because they're fake news. That's why.

[32:55] Donald Trump:
Caroline, the Prime Minister would like you to work for him in Hungary. She's considered. You know what? That's a very good decision you just made. Please, please, please don't leave us, Caroline. Yeah, please.

[33:12] Reporter:
You spoke to Republican senators. They do not seem interested right now in getting rid of the filibuster.

[33:16] Donald Trump:
That's too bad, they're making a big mistake. That's right. No but they're coming my way. You're right. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. The way to do it for the Republicans is to terminate the filibuster. They call it the nuclear option. This is the second form of nuclear. Very good, very good. This is a good form, this is not a bad form. I would have been in favor of that a long time ago. But you know the Democrats are going to do that, most of you will admit the Democrats are going to do that, so why aren't we doing it? And I think only a foolish person would be against that, especially when you realize that these are crazed people. These people are absolutely crazed. Trump Derangement Syndrome, whatever it may be. And I am totally in favor of terminating the filibuster and we would be back to work within 10 minutes after that vote took place and lots of other good things would happen and it it doesn't make any sense that a Republican would not want to do this.

[34:15] Reporter:
If they're not going to do that then it seems like you'd have to make a deal with Democrats to end the shutdown.

[34:18] Donald Trump:
Use some of the things that we've passed if we terminated the filibuster. Voter ID, no mail-in voting, no cash bail, no men in women's sports, no welfare for illegals. You could go on and on. This is two pages of of things we'd do if you did that. Without it I don't know that you pass anything because you can't work with them. They're they're really irrational. They really are. But I was happy to happy to see that a tremendous liability to this country, a woman that made herself rich in this country, Nancy Pelosi is quit and she'll be out of here pretty soon. And that I consider to be a great asset for America getting her out. Yeah, please, go ahead.

[35:05] Reporter:
Mr. President, are you worried about it backfiring in the future on Republicans should they get rid of the filibuster and then down the road Democrats...

[35:13] Donald Trump:
Well you know normally I would say well a little bit, but the reason that I'm not is because if they ever took over power they will look Joe Manchin and Sinema are two people that are no longer in politics because of this issue. They were opposed to what the Democrats wanted to do. They wanted to terminate the filibuster. They were opposed to it. They're no longer in politics, they're gone. The Democrats will do this. So if the Democrats are going to do it, I'm saying Republicans should do it before they get a chance. It's very simple. And if we do it, we will never lose the midterms and we will never lose the general election because we will have produced so many different things for our people, for the people, for the country that it would be impossible to lose an election. No, I love AI. I think it's going to be very helpful. So many things are happening with it and in addition to which we're leading China, we're leading the world in AI. We're building massive electric plants that the companies themselves are building for their plant. I've given them the right because we need so much electricity for that, just the word is electricity, believe it or not. Double the electricity that we currently have in the country for just the AI plants. And I've allowed those companies to rebuild and build electric plants along with their facility. We're getting approvals done in less than a month, sometimes in two weeks for massive beautiful massive buildings and no I'm I'm totally in favor of it. I think it's it's really going to be the wave of the future and we're leading the world. We're leading everybody by a lot.

[36:52] Reporter:
How long do you think the shutdown will last?

[36:54] Donald Trump:
I don't know, it's up to the Democrats. We voted, the Republicans have voted 14 times to open up the country and the Democrats have voted 14 times to hurt the country really. They should approve it but they might not. That's why I like the that's why I like the fact that we terminate the filibuster. If we terminate the filibuster the country will be open within 10 minutes after that termination because we'll take a second vote which is the opening of the country and the Republicans will vote to open the country. That's one of the reasons, not the major reason by the way. I think it's less important than the other things that we get. But if we terminate the filibuster the second vote that we will take will be to open up the country. It'll take 10 minutes and the country will be open. Well it didn't work obviously. You're right. That was that was the purpose of the filibuster, bipartisanship, but that didn't work. Well no, if there's if the filibuster is terminated we will have the most productive three years in the history of our country. If the filibuster is not terminated then we will be in a slog with the Democrats and very little for either party will be done. So it's a good thing. Thank you. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you very much.