======================================================================
Transcript: President Trump Participates in a Hanukkah Reception
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3jkA1cHPKc
Upload date: 2025-12-17
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Event metadata:
  Type: other
  Event time: 2025-12-17T01:21:46+00:00
======================================================================
[00:00] Announcer:
The United States Donald J. Trump.

[00:28] Donald J. Trump:
Well, thank you very much. Nice place. I guess you've mostly been here, but you like it a lot better with Trump than you like it with Biden. That I can tell you. That's because you're smart. Well, I'm thrilled to welcome so many good friends to the White House as we celebrate the third night of Hanukkah. Third night. Time flies. Let me take a moment to send the love and prayers of our entire nation to the people of Australia, and especially all those affected by the horrific and antisemitic terrorist attack. And that's exactly what it is, antisemitic. That took place on a Hanukkah celebration in Sydney. What a terrible, terrible thing. We don't learn. We're joined in mourning all of those who were killed, and we're praying for the swift recovery of the wounded. Some were very horrifically wounded, as you probably know. All nations must stand together against the evil forces of radical Islamic terrorism. And we're doing that. Joining us tonight are Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick, who's doing a fantastic job. Representatives Paul Gosar, David Kustoff, Claudia Tenney, Ronnie Jackson. He was my White House doctor. Ronnie was asked who's the healthiest of all. Was it Barack Hussein Obama? Was it Sleepy Joe Biden? Or was it Donald Trump? And he said Trump was by far the healthiest. He was the doctor for all three of us, and he said Trump was by far the healthiest. I love him. If he didn't say that, I would have never talked to him again. Where is Ronnie? Is he here? Ronnie Jackson, what a great legend. Josh Gottheimer is here. Mr. Salt is here, Mike Lawler. He's the only guy could have gotten that for New York. Nobody else. He worked so hard on that. Will you please focus on the midterms, please? Do you mind? Okay, because you can do it. Jared Moskowitz, thank you, Jared. Thank you, Jared. Max Miller is here, great old Max. He was my music man in the White House. He knew music better than any human being. Craig Goldman, thank you, Craig. And Randy Fine, new to Congress, but he's done a great job. He's been great. As well as the Mayor of Boca Raton, Florida, Scott Singer. Thank you very much. Thank you, Scott. Good place, I love Boca. National Chairman of the Republican Jewish Committee, Norm Coleman. Thank you, Norm. Looking good, Norm. CEO of the Republican Jewish Coalition, Matt Brooks. He says Trump is the greatest President we've ever had, so I like him. I'll take Matt any day. Thank you, Matt. CEO of the Israeli-American Council, Elan Carr. Thank you. Oh, we have a man I have to take a little time because every Saturday night, used to be Sunday, then he did so well they put him on Saturday too, Saturday night. Do you know who I'm talking about? Because there's only one has Saturday and Sunday. And Saturday is considered Death Valley, but it's not Death because of the ratings. Nobody gets good ratings. Although actually, my daughter-in-law is doing well, and you always did well. The Great One, Mark Levin.
[04:27] And much more importantly, his much more brilliant wife. Where are you? There you are. Would you come on up here, both of you? Get up here. Get up here. I got... Look, every Saturday, every Sunday, I'm forced to watch television to listen to this guy talk about how freaking great I am. Because he does like Trump. There's no question about it. Come on up here, Mark. Get up here. Come on up here. What a beautiful couple. Did you get lucky? If you weren't a genius, you wouldn't have a wife like this. Mark, say a couple of words. Come here, darling.

[05:13] Mark Levin:
And these people do like Israel. Hold on. And he loves Israel too. That's true. Give me two seconds, just two seconds. Six years ago, I was up here and I said, this is our first Jewish president. Yeah. Now he's the first Jewish president to serve two non-consecutive presidencies. We thank you for everything. That's right. Bad things happened on the second one, namely the election was rigged. And we found out, and you see that happening. And you are the greatest president. Thank you very much. And God bless you. I miss you. I miss you.

[06:01] Donald J. Trump:
Take care of that guy. Take care of that guy. No, he's so great. Thank you, Mark, for both being here. You both really are amazing. So, Rabbi Yehuda Kaplun. Thank you, Rabbi. Oh no, Sid Rosenberg. There he is, Sid. Do you want to come up here, Sid? Mark, should I let Sid come up? Mark, I think so. Come on, Sid. So Sid's got the number one radio show in New York. Got the number one radio show in New York like by far, ABC. Works for a really nice guy too. Actually, he's not that nice, but he's nice as far as I'm concerned. He works for a good man. Say a few words, Sid. Thank you.

[06:51] Sid Rosenberg:
I love him. Do you all love him? Yes. Has there been a president even close to this guy? Even close? No. And you know how much I love him? He starts tonight talking about Australia. Good luck with anybody else in our government starting with the Jewish people in Australia. Nobody better. And the fact that you called me up on stage, I'm going to say this, my beautiful wife Danielle's in the audience. The birth of my two children. Outside of that, President Trump, this right now is the greatest moment of my life. Thank you, darling. Thank you. Good job, Sid. Thank you. He's almost crying. He never cries. He hasn't cried since he was a baby.

[07:31] Donald J. Trump:
Well, he's a great guy and a great man and he loves Israel. And boy, this... you've got some good people. Harmeet, thank you very much. Harmeet Dhillon is here. And she sues the ass off of anybody that is antisemitic. She's doing a lot of them right now. Harvard wished they never heard her name, right? They're going to pay a lot of money, right, Harmeet? They're going to pay a lot of money. Sid, it's an honor to have you up and you do a great show and we appreciate it. And say hello to the Catsimatidis person who's fantastic. And another person I really love her, I think she's a beautiful woman. You're not allowed to say that anymore because if you do, it usually means the end of your political career, but I've been threatened much worse than that. I think she's a beautiful woman inside and out. Liz Pipko. Liz, thank come on up here. Enough with the Sid and the Mark, and come on up here. Look at her. She has been so strong for Israel and for our country. Liz, say a few words, please. Thank you.

[08:44] Liz Pipko:
First, I want to address the elephant in the room, which is me tonight. I am grateful to President Trump for so many things, but now most of all, I'm grateful for this tiny miracle which exists because Donald Trump ran for office in 2016. I met the love of my life on that campaign, and now in addition to saving the world, I will have a child thanks to President Trump. So... And much more importantly, the Jewish people have been through a lot, of course, the last few years, last weekend, and I just hope on this holiday of miracles we realize what a miracle it is to be in the greatest country on the face of the earth, in the most beautiful building, and with the greatest president this world has ever seen.

[09:31] Donald J. Trump:
Congratulations. That's right. She was on the campaign and she was so effective and great. And we always have to remember the ones that have been great in good times and bad. That's why Mark and the people I've introduced, because I don't introduce them when they're just sort of good. When they're good, a lot of... Everyone's good the day after I won the election. They were all, 'Sir, I just want to tell you you're the greatest person I've ever seen. Thank you, sir. I'd love to have dinner sometime.' Where have you been for the last two years? We know about... We have a lot of those people, mostly those. Jason, how are you? Jason Greenblatt. Do you know Jason Greenblatt? He worked for me for years. He's a great lawyer. Then he made a lot of money and he said, 'I'm getting out.' And you focused on Israel, right? That was the focus. He says, 'I love Israel. I just want to focus on Israel.' It's good to see you, Jay. I haven't seen you in a long time, but he was a great lawyer. Here's another great lawyer, David. Good to have you here. Good to have you here, David. And we have another person that's a very special person. She received the Presidential Medal of Freedom. She is a beautiful woman, actually, in my opinion. Another one. That's two reasons now. And third, by the way, Mark, we have three reasons, Mark, because your wife is incredible always from day one, but I think it's okay if we ask Miriam Adelson. Do you want to come up, Miriam? Come up here, Miriam. Miriam gave my campaign indirectly and directly 250 million. She was number one. When somebody can give you 250 million, I think that we should give her the opportunity to say hello. And Miriam, make it quick, because 250 million is not what it used to be. Okay? Hello, darling. Come here. Incredible woman with a great husband, a man that loved Israel.

[11:39] Miriam Adelson:
Well, Mr. President, when you were in the Israeli Parliament and you gave a speech and you saw me from far away, you called... And at that time I came with a scooter to the Parliament just to hear you. I wanted to hear you alive. And then you say, 'Miriam Adelson,' and I stood for a second, but it was so painful so I sat. Then you screamed, 'Miriam, stand up!' And I wish you would have known, but I stood up and heard all your compliment and thank you very much.

[12:11] Donald J. Trump:
I saw you back there standing. Thank you, honey.

[12:14] Miriam Adelson:
Thank you. And now I met Alan Dershowitz, and he said the legal thing about four more years. And I said, 'Alan, I agree with you.' So we can do it. Think about it. And I will give you another 250. Yeah.

[12:29] Donald J. Trump:
Alan's here someplace. Where's Alan? Alan is here? Oh, he had a flight. Alan is here? Four more years. Think about it. Maybe I wouldn't be the first or the second. Yeah. She said, 'Think about it. I'll give you another 250.' But her husband Sheldon was an amazing guy, and he'd come up to the office and there was nobody more aggressive than Sheldon. I think I spent more time with him and you because you usually came up together. But he'd call, he'd say, 'Can I come over, please?' I say, 'Sheldon, I'm President of the United States. It doesn't work that way anymore. It's like, maybe tomorrow. How about tomorrow?' 'No, no, please, just for a little while.' And I would... He'd always say 10 minutes, turned out to be about an hour and a half, right? And what he did is he fought for Israel. That's all he really fought for, just wanted to take care of. He just wanted to take care of Israel. So he was a great guy. He was a fantastic man and he loved you so much. He couldn't see straight. So good. Thank you, darling. Be careful. Be careful. We don't want her falling. You know, when you fall, it's not good for politics. We had a man that fell a lot. I don't want to talk too much because I'll have my day. I'm sure you know. They're waiting, the press. See all that press back there? They're waiting. Oh, would they like to see Trump trip off the stage? I would never live it down. But anyway, but it's... and we have so many friends. I can't mention everybody, but we have so many friends. Hello, my man. How are you? Boy, we have good people here tonight, huh? This is a... This is the A-list. This is the A-list of any list. But it's... It's an honor to have you all. It really is. Historical, what you've done. And what you've gone through is incredible. And as a people, there's never been anything like it. You know, I told Bibi, I said, 'You know, it's amazing what you've done. Because when you look at the Middle East, you take a map of the Middle East. I said the land is so small. It's so tiny. It's like hard to believe what you've been able to do. Now it helped the B-2 bombers that we sent in to wipe out... we gave them a lot of help. It helped when we were shooting all those drones down from jet fighters. Don't ever let anyone tell you a drone is better than a jet fighter. A drone's very nice. But you have... When you have F-22s circling around them like that's nothing, just shooting the crap out of them out of the air. Don't let anyone convince you that a drone is better than an F-22 or an F-35 or any of that stuff. But... but they're nice. They're nice. But we had our fighters shooting the hell out of 2,000 drones were launched at Israel and they were just knocking them out. The only problem, on occasion they'd run out of bullets, but every one of them took out a drone and we did a great job. And then we did the best job of all is we knocked out the Iran nuclear power... And they would have had that within a month. I think they would have been a much different story. Would have been talking from a much different place. But the story of Hanukkah began more than 2,000 years ago in ancient Jerusalem when the oppressive tyrant, and they were really oppressive. Troy, by the way, a lot of things don't change so much. There'd be oppressive today if you didn't have strength. You need strength, Mark, right? If you don't have strength and if you don't have a partner with a good president. Don't forget, you had a president previously that believed in Iran. They ditched the entire world for Iran. That's why they signed the Iran nuclear deal that I terminated immediately. It was the worst deal. And Bibi Netanyahu came over here to beg Barack Hussein Obama not to sign that deal, but he signed it. He signed it. It was a whole different world. And that's why I wonder, I got the highest Jewish vote. Now, I have to say in Israel, they say I'm at 99%. But over here, I was like at 50%. It meant that 50% of the people over here voted for Kamala. Is that possible? Is that even possible, right? So anyway, but they suppressed the Jewish worship and imposed foreign rules. Are we okay over there? I just want to make sure you're okay. You okay? Good. I want to make sure you're perfect. Okay. Thank you very much. Yeah. Is there a doctor? Get a doctor over there, please. Just in case. Go ahead. Hop over there, please. Okay. Good. Thank you very much. Everything good? Okay. Great person. Against overwhelming odds, a small band of Jewish fighters rose up to defend the Jewish people's right to worship freely. When they reclaimed the Holy Temple, they found only a single flask of sacred oil, just enough to keep the menorah's light burning for one night. They wanted that light to burn just for one night. Yet as the story goes, that small flame endured for eight days. Do you know that story? Does everybody know that story? For thousands of years, the miracle of Hanukkah has reminded us of God's love for the Jewish people, as well as their enduring resilience and faith in the face of centuries of persecution. Centuries. And it continues. It continues. Who would believe this could continue? And it sort of started here with the schools and universities. Harmeet's taking care of that situation very strongly and the Department of Justice, right? Who would believe it? But we're grateful to be joined by another reminder of that unbreakable strength. Two courageous survivors of the Nazi Holocaust. Gerry Warotsky and Michael Bornstein. Where are they? Where are you guys? Well, you look good. You look better than I do. You look fantastic. Gerry was only nine years old when the Nazis invaded Poland. He lost both of his parents in the camps but refused to let their murder defeat him. After the war, he came to New York where he had an incredibly successful career. Became very successful and became a good friend of Melania and myself. And I want to thank you, Gerry. And that's incredible what took place. Thank you very much. Thank you, Gerry. Thank you very much. And Michael Bornstein lost both his father and mother in Auschwitz when he was just a very young man, a toddler actually. Through the love and sacrifice of other family members, he managed to survive and reunite with his mother in later years. They had come to America where Michael received a scholarship to college and eventually earned a PhD in chemistry and became one of the most brilliant chemists anywhere around. So Michael and Gerry, I want to just thank you. We're honored to have you, this whole group of people are very honored to have you both. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. As President of the United States, I will always support Jewish Americans and I will always, I will always be a friend and a champion to the Jewish people. I have been... And I will say, you know, if you go back 10, 12, 15 years ago, at the most, the strongest lobby in Washington was the Jewish lobby. It was Israel. That's no longer true. You have to be very careful. You have a Congress in particular which is becoming antisemitic. You have AOC plus three. You have those people, Ilhan Omar, she hates Jewish people. And you have to be very careful because there's been a big change. You know, if you go back 15 years ago, I'm not Jewish but my father was very friendly with many, many Jewish people, was honored by Federation. I would go with him to Federation of Jewish Philanthropies and many other things. And we grew up respecting and loving Jewish people. You know, you don't even think about it. In Brooklyn, in Queens mostly. And my father didn't go to Manhattan. He never went to Manhattan from the standpoint he could never understand how in Brooklyn you could buy a piece of land for $3 a foot and how in Manhattan you had to pay $1,000 a foot. He said, 'I can't get that. I don't like it. I like to buy it for three.' So it was different. It's a different thinking. In a way I'm glad he didn't do that because he let me have some of that fun. And it was... I had a lot of fun in Manhattan, we did great. But my father would tell me, the most powerful lobby that there is in this country is the Jewish lobby. It's the Israeli lobby. It's not that way anymore. You have a lot of people in your way. You have a lot of people that don't want to help Israel. You have a lot of people in Congress that don't like Israel. You have a lot of people in Congress that, in a way, I think Michael, we can say it, right? You're there, you're doing an amazing job. Mike Lawler. They hate... they hate Israel. They hate Israel. And if you would have told me 15 years ago that that was possible, Jason, I would have said, 'There's no way. There's no way that's possible.' But it's happening. And obviously, it's getting progressively worse. Less so in the Senate, but the Senate's starting also. You get glimmers, you know, when I'm in the back rooms talking to people, you get glimmers of statements that you say, 'Whoa, where did that come from?' So we have to be... Sid, we have to be very careful because bad things are happening. And then you see what goes on in Australia or October 7th. How about October 7th? And then you have people that deny it ever happened. How about the people that deny like they deny the Holocaust, but you know, you figure well, that's just many years. Well, October 7th is not many years at all. And you have people that deny Octo... I saw tape that... I wish I never saw it, actually. I wish I never saw it. I got to see tape that... some of you got to see, but as President I got to see things I wish I never saw. But there's no denying it. But then they'll say, 'Oh, the tape was a rigged tape. It was a tape that never existed. They made it up. It's just propaganda.' I don't know if they believe it. I don't think they believe it. But you have to be very, very careful. Bad things are happening and we're not going to let that happen while I'm President and the DOJ and Harmeet, we're not... we're not going to let it happen. But please, please be vigilant and careful because you have some bad people that are now in Congress that were unthinkable, unthinkable to be in Congress 12, 13, 14 years ago, 15 years ago. Within days of taking office, I signed a historic executive order to combat the vile scourge of antisemitism. As you know, it's the strongest executive order of its kind ever signed. And we're also mobilizing federal resources to protect Jewish students and faculty. The faculty is under siege. The students are under siege. When you look at Columbia, you look at Harvard, you look at some of these schools what's going on. But the faculty on campuses across America and are deporting foreign jihadist sympathizers and terrorist supporters at record levels. We're deporting them. We're not putting them in jails, we're deporting them. I terminated the disastrous Iran nuclear deal. And this summer, we obliterated Iran's nuclear program like nobody's ever seen. And even that CNN fake news, they're back there. The camera's roaring. Their light will go off in any second now. I think they hate when I mention their name because they know it's only bad because they're crooked as hell. They're fake news. You know, the term... I think it's been one of my better terms, Sid, right? I don't think anybody takes that away. We had some good ones, Pocahontas, but I think... I think fake news is probably pretty good. The only problem is it's actually not strong enough. You know, fake... it's crooked, corrupt, disgusting news. But we'll have to do with fake, but fake, Sid, fake isn't strong enough. That's the only problem. It's actually I wish I could come up with a word that's really more powerful than fake. But fake is good enough. But CNN with the attack on Iran, they said, 'Well, I used the word we obliterated them.' You know why? Because the pilots told me they know better than anybody. And they pilots told everything. And then we had visuals and these pilots are coming back after having endured the most dangerous ride. I said, 'Did you guys... you know, I had them all to the Oval Office after, two weeks after the attack, I had them all. I had the pilots and I had the people that maintained the planes. I had the people that fly the tankers.' You know, we had 52 tankers because we had the seven major planes. We also had four planes flying in different of the B-2 flying in different directions. Iran didn't know what the hell was happening. But we had a whole force of F-22s, most beautiful fighter jet ever made, most powerful fighter jet ever made. And F-35s are brand new ones and they're stealth. Believe me, they're stealth because they went into Iranian airspace and Iran never saw anything. And it was think of this, 2 o'clock in the morning. It was dark at night. There was no moon at all. No light, no nothing. And every single bomb went right down those air shafts into granite mountains, right down those air shafts. At 2 o'clock in the morning with no vision, every single bomb hit its target. And CNN said on the way back, 'They're on the way. They hadn't even landed yet. Well, maybe the attack wasn't that bad.' Because I used the word obliteration. Turned out to be right. The Atomic Energy Commission shortly thereafter said it was total obliteration. Iran, actually, said it was total obliteration. In fact, they said, 'Touchdown.' Yeah. It was a touchdown. But it was amazing. And we've never had an apology from CNN, you know. So you have fake news against you, fake news. And I didn't fight for you. I wasn't fighting for you there. I was fighting for those pilots that were so brave to go there. When they came into the Oval Office I said, 'You can't seriously enjoy this.' They said, 'Sir, we enjoy every minute of it. We were practicing this, this and the predecessors. We were practicing for 22 years,' they said. For 22 years they were practicing. And no president had the courage to let them go and do what they wanted to do. For 22 years, the predecessors, meaning the young pilots at the time, but for 22 years, three times a year, they were practicing that run. And I'm the one that said, 'Let's go get them. Let's do it.' And if we didn't... and they thanked me. But I did say to the pilots, 'You know, enough is enough. I said, 'Do you really like being in that plane when they're waiting for you, they know you're coming, it's dark, it's cold, it's everything is... and you're in a plane and there's bullets flying all over the place.' 'Sir, I wouldn't trade this for anything in the world.' Can you believe these people? And I love you people, but I'm not getting in that plane. I love you guys. But these people are unbelievable. The talent they have, the way they can fly those things, the way they can aim it at a target in the dark of night. The darkest you've ever seen. They wanted to be as dark as possible. They didn't want anything. And the only time anybody could see those planes was when those bomb shoots open up because it becomes totally unstealth when it goes... I explained that to Mark Levin once. You're going in, you go like this, and as soon as it goes like this, for some reason, the plane is totally visible, not good. And I watched it happening in just... It's like I'm sitting home watching it, you know, it's amazing. The situation room is an amazing place. But I watched them go 'bing bing bing bing.' Two massive hundred thousand pound bombs come pouring out. And the job they did was incredible. I mean, compare that to... I mean, look, I thought he was a nice man, but compare that to the Jimmy Carter attack on Iran. That was not good. With the helicopters and the men running all over the place trying to get the hell out of there. This was not good. This was the single greatest military attack that anyone's ever seen. And that sort of put an end to... we helped Israel very much as you know with their attacks on Iran before that, but that really put an end to it because they were about a month away from having a nuclear weapon. I officially recognized the true capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. Is Julie good? She right? Where's Julie? Okay, oh good. I thought it was you that went down. It wasn't you. Oh good. I was worried about... I didn't care about anybody else. I said, 'Is Julie in trouble?' I thought it was you. Good. It's somebody else. I wish them good luck, but I don't want that to happen to Julie. That's Mark's wife, by the way. And we love Julie. But I didn't see Julie ever going down. She's not... She's like a rock, right Mark? She's a rock. I wouldn't want to have her as my enemy. She was also a great lawyer, by the way. I also recognized the Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. And that's one they didn't even ask me. Even Sheldon, who was the most aggressive human being there is in the entire world. This incredible woman, although she's... she had total control. He was aggressive with everybody but Miriam. Miriam, he wouldn't play games with Miriam. But he was actually a sweetheart. But he never even asked me about the Golan Heights because he said that's a step too far. I actually gave it because I called up... I heard so much about Golan Heights, Golan Heights. From Jason Greenblatt I heard it, from so many people. And I actually asked David Friedman, I said, 'He was the ambassador at the time. Good guy.' I said, 'And by the way, Mike Huckabee's doing a great job now.' Two good ones, two very good ones. But I asked David Friedman... I don't know if David's here. But I asked because he is so Israel-oriented. I mean, he's great. I said, 'David, tell me about Golan Heights in five minutes or less.' You know, I'm taking in like a thousand years of history in five minutes. I said, 'Give it to me, give it to me in five minutes or less.' And after about two minutes I said, 'I understand. You needed it so badly for so many other reasons. You need it... You need it for defense.' You know, in the old days before we had all the sophisticated radar and all the things, it was everything because you were up high. But I learned enough and I signed the Golan Heights, the rights to the Golan Heights over to Israel. And nobody thought that was possible to get. They've been working on it for 70 years, Mark. 70 years. You know, planes would fly into places and have meetings that would last two, three days. All they talked about was the Golan Heights, right Jason? And nobody ever did anything. But I did it and we did it quickly and I say, good luck to you. Then I found out the value of it. Trillions of dollars, it could be worth... if you think trillions of dollars. I said, you know, maybe I should have asked him for something. But with Jared Kushner's help... Jared has been a great fan of Israel. The Kushner family. And by the way, how good is Steve Witkoff doing, right? You know, I got Steve involved in Russia-Ukraine and the Middle East. We have, by the way, bottom line, we have legitimate peace in the Middle East. You know, you may have a little outbreak every once in a while. But we have 59 countries all signed on. They want to... they'll do whatever is necessary. And Hamas, say what you will, Hamas, you know, we got back all of the hostages and all of the dead, young, beautiful people that were dead. And nobody thought that would happen. In fact, I even said the toughest are going to be that final 20. We're never going to get them. But we played very tough and we were very tough. We meant it. And we wanted to get back the 28 dead, 28 dead young beautiful people dead. Most of them I think pretty young, all of them pretty young. And the parents came up to me and I told the story before, we had another little celebration of Hanukkah before, but I told the story before where the parents were as dedicated to getting their dead son back as they were to getting the live son back. It was an amazing and a beautiful thing. But I didn't think it would be possible. And then when we got the 20 back, when we got the live back, we didn't have anywhere close to the 28 dead and I said, 'There's no way.' But I said, 'You got to get them back. You got to get them back.' I told that to Hamas, 'Got to get them back.' And you know what? One by one by one, we got them back and we got the last one back. We got them all back. And amazing though, those parents were as dedicated, I can't say more, but they were as dedicated as the parents who knew their son was alive and they begged to have him. And I'm very proud of it. I thought the last 20 and it was tough, didn't know. But Steve Witkoff was great, Jared Kushner was great. And you know, Jared's a brilliant guy, we all know. But Steve, Steve's a great deal maker. But I noticed one thing about him, he had the greatest personality. He was a real estate guy in New York. He knew less about rivers and meets and bounds and Russia and the various places he's working on. He knew nothing about it. But I... I recognized for 20 years I've been dealing with everybody in New York. I said, 'Steve has the best personality.' I have other guys, they're great deal makers, but you have to go into World War III before the deal. We didn't want that. I said, 'Everybody loves Steve.' He's a great deal maker, but everybody loves him. And that's what turned out to be. People love Steve and I think we're going to be pretty close. I mean, we're going to see. I thought the easiest war to settle would be Russia-Ukraine because I have a good relationship with Putin. It would have never happened if I were President. That would have never and it didn't happen for four years. Putin understood. Would have never ever happened. But Steve has done a fantastic job and he loves Israel and he's done a great job. So we did Israel and we did peace in the Middle East and we have a real peace, that's a real peace. If Hamas acts up, they know it's big trouble. And we have Hezbollah as you know in Lebanon and they're big trouble. But we have peace and we have many countries that want to go in and take out Hezbollah if it happens, if we want to do it. Not just Israel, many countries would do it. There's tremendous unity now in the Middle East and we really do... we really have peace in the Middle East for the first time ever. So it's an honor. It's an honor. So we did our ceasefire agreement to end the war in Gaza, which everybody said was an impossibility. And we begin the new era of that beautiful peace in a place that nobody thought peace was possible, the Middle East. So congratulations, everybody in this room. Everybody wanted it. But the story of Hanukkah reminds us that light will always prevail over darkness and faith in triumph over fear. Together let us honor the eternal flame and the faith that has always protected the Jewish people. You are protected. You are special, special people. You are special people. So I want to thank everybody. I want to wish you all a happy Hanukkah. And you know, this is the first time that I've ever brought up notes to make a speech for... we do... we call them the Christmas dinners. I call them the Christmas Hanukkah dinners, if that's okay. I hope you don't mind. But I call them New Year's dinners too. But I've made about 20 of them so far, never had any, and so I brought this up. You know why? I've done so much for Israel. That I have to read... Look at that, I got like pages. And I don't want to leave anything out. I don't want to leave Golan Heights out. I want to tell you what we did. But it's an honor to... it's an honor to help. I have so many friends and you're... a lot of you are right in this audience. Very special group of people. You know for every time we have one of these parties, we have to turn down 10 people for every one that makes it. So the White House, soon you'll have a ballroom that's so big I can handle a... you... And we just won the case today. Did you know that, Mark? We just... won the case. We got sued. We're donating a $400 million ballroom and we got sued not to build it. For 150 years they've wanted a ballroom and we're giving them, myself and donors are giving them free of charge, for nothing. We're donating a building that's approximately 400 million. I think I'll do it for less, but it's 400. I should do it for less. I will do it for less. But just in case I say 400, otherwise if I go $3 over, the press will say, 'It cost more.' I build... I build under budget and ahead of schedule, right Jason? Always. I know how to build under budget. I build good. But we won the case. They asked for a restraining order to stop us from building a magnificent ballroom. I said, who would ask for a restraining... We're giving them, Sid, a 400 million... It'll be the most beautiful ballroom and it'll handle inaugurations. It's got five-inch thick glass windows. It's impenetrable by anything but a howitzer. It's impenetrable. Now, I will say if I'm up making a speech someday, Mark, and I hear ding ding ding... I'm out of there. But we have... it's going to be one of the greatest, I think it'll be the greatest ballroom anywhere in the world. But I said, who else but in our country would sue to stop a 400 million dollar beautiful ballroom that people have been after for the White House? The White House has wanted a ballroom for 150 years. You know they used to use a tent. And they have a tent and the tent would go in a very low area because it's the only area that can handle a big tent. And if it rained, the rain would go all over the woman's beautiful shoes with the high heels, about six seven inches worth of water. They'd be sitting in the water and people said we'd rather have that than a brand new... this ballroom is going to be amazing, also designed to handle the inauguration so that you have total safety from not only the weather. January 20th is always a disaster from coldness standpoint. But you know we had it in the Capitol and it was nothing more beautiful. But from a safety standpoint we can do better. So we're going to have something that's really, really spectacular. And I thank the judge in the case for the courage in making the proper decision because we didn't want to be held up. We would win that automatically anyway. But we didn't want to be held up and delayed. We want to go and right outside you see the pile drivers going boom boom boom. And my wife is being driven crazy. She said, 'This is not what I had in mind.' You know the first day she was great. She heard these pounding of piles that go down 150 feet into the ground. Boom. Second day she was okay. Third day she wasn't thrilled. And after that it's been brutal. But you know what? You're going to have the greatest ballroom anywhere in the world and you're going to love it. It's going to fit beautifully with the White House. Happy Hanukkah, have a great year. We love you and we love Israel. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, Mark. Thank you.
[42:50] You read the prayers, you read the prayers into the mic.

[42:51] Cantor:
Good evening. We're about to proceed to light the menorah. Mr. President, you know that I'm Jewish, you know that I'm American. You heard, yeah. You know that I'm American, but you may not know that a very large part of my family lives in Australia. And that includes some of those who had escaped the attack and some who did not. And all I can say is listening to them on the other side of the world speak about you, you don't just express solidarity, you practice solidarity with the Jewish people. And you practice solidarity with Israel. Perhaps in a way we've never seen before, to the extent that many people say and many people believe that you may very well be even among the friends of Israel and the Jewish people we've had, the most, the strongest, the deepest friend that Israel and the Jewish people have ever had here in the White House. That's not to negate anything anyone has done for us, but just to tell you how so many people feel about you. We're going to light the menorah which gives us a message of the victory of right over might, of justice over tyranny, of light over darkness. And it is especially in this time when the Jewish people has so much of a burden that we need this light. We need this strength not only from each other but from you, Mr. President, who constantly remind the world that even if they all turn against us, God forbid, you never will. And so I think that it is a great honor that I've been invited to lead the lighting of the menorah here this year. And I want to wish you and your family good health and happiness, strength and safety to our troops serving stateside and abroad. May God bless America. May God bless Israel. May God bless the Jewish people. Thank you. We're going to make two blessings, after which we're going to light three candles, and then all those who know the words can join us in Maoz Tzur. Please join if you know the words and the tune.
[46:08] [Singing Hebrew blessings and Maoz Tzur with crowd]

[48:23] Howard Lutnick:
Hello everyone. So I'm Howard Lutnick and I am proud to serve as the Secretary of Commerce for President Trump. President Trump, from the campaign trail and every day since, has been committed to the Jewish people and to Israel. And I told everyone on the campaign trail that President Trump would be the best friend in the White House the Jews and Israel has ever had, and he has delivered exactly that. Exactly that. He speaks with moral clarity when the fake news would come at him and say Israel and the IDF were committing genocide. Each and every time he came at the media, at the fake news and said no, no, it was October 7th when they murdered, they raped, and they killed babies. He made it crystal clear each and every time. And that is why I love serving in the administration of Donald J. Trump, the greatest president ever. Thank you. Happy Hanukkah everyone.