======================================================================
Transcript: President Trump Participates in a Signing with the Prime Ministers of Cambodia and Thailand
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lP--3SqzCnQ
Upload date: 2025-10-26
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Event metadata:
  Type: other
  Event time: 2025-10-26T04:24:21+00:00
======================================================================
[00:00] Announcer:
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the Prime Minister of Malaysia, the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Thailand, the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Cambodia, and the President of the United States of America.

[00:25] President Donald Trump:
Well, this is so exciting because we did something that a lot of people said couldn't be done, and we saved maybe millions of lives on this one peace deal itself. And I'll tell you what makes me so happy is the two countries we're dealing with and the third that helped so much. I appreciate so much. Maybe it couldn't have been done without you, but they really like each other. I'm not used to that when I do these deals. Usually, there's a lot of hatred. They liked each other, so it made it a little bit easier. But millions of people are alive today because of this peace treaty. So before I begin, I want to extend our deepest condolences to the Prime Minister Anutin, as well as His Majesty the King of Thailand and the entire nation on the passing of Her Majesty Queen Sirikit, the Queen Mother, and a beautiful, incredible woman who is so respected all over, all over, all over the world, actually respected. I know the people of Thailand will remember her forever as the embodiment of dignity, kindness, and grace. This just happened, but this is a woman who was so loved and respected. Today we honor the memory by bringing the blessing of peace to the nation she dearly loved. She loved this nation like few people love their nations. This is a momentous day for all of the people of Southeast Asia as we sign a historic agreement to end the military conflict between Cambodia and Thailand. And we're so honored to be involved, and that's so important to me. Two great countries, but they were, they were going at it. I want to congratulate the two courageous leaders, and that's what they are. They were courageous who are taking this monumental step: Prime Minister Hun Manet and Prime Minister Anutin. I also want to thank Prime Minister Anwar of Malaysia. I called him right at the beginning and I said, you know, you have two countries that are fighting right next to you. We need a third place. We need a sort of a neutral place, right? And he was there, and I said to him, you know, if we get this solved, I'm coming to your country. And I told the truth, didn't I? A lot of times they say that, and that's the last you ever see, but I felt I had an obligation to come because you was so great and the two men alongside of you so great. Historic figures now, truly historic figures. So I felt it was an obligation I had. I told it to you. That was about a year ago, and all of this has taken place. It's been so beautiful to see. It had started and it was, there was a lot of killing, and then when we got it stopped very quickly in this case. Some, some we did in 32 years, took 32 years to get them stopped. They were fighting for a long time. This was very nasty, but it was stopped very quickly before it started, and the two leaders have great respect for each other. But the Prime Minister played a very important role in helping convene the two sides for discussions here in Kuala Lumpur. Earlier this year, an armed clash broke out along the border of these two countries, really ancient countries by most standards. They've been a long time, tremendous cultures, resulting in numerous deaths and thousands, thousands and thousands of people displaced from their homes. It was starting because of America's strong commitment to stability and peace in this region and every region where we can do it. My administration immediately began working to prevent the conflict from escalating. I held phone calls with both leaders. I was actually at Turnberry in Scotland when I did this, and we had a lot of phone calls, the three of us and then the four of us. We had a lot of phone calls. It was a beautiful day, I remember how beautiful it was in Turnberry is a great place, but I said, this is much more important than playing a round of golf. So we sat there all day long making phone calls, and it was amazing the way it came together very quickly. I mean, really very quickly. You caused me very good entertainment. I could have had a lot of fun, but this is much more fun for me than anything having to do with almost anything because you're saving people and you're saving countries. But asked them to choose the path of prosperity and peace over needless bloodshed and war. At the end of July, after extremely productive discussions, we reached a ceasefire agreement, and now these gentlemen, and they really are gentlemen, high-quality people. Both went to college in the United States. And now these gentlemen are about to sign what we're calling the Kuala Lumpur Peace Accords. Good name. Both countries are agreeing to cease all hostilities and work to build good neighborly relationships, which they've already started. 18 Cambodian prisoners of war will be released under this agreement. Observers from ASEAN countries, including Malaysia, will be deployed to make sure that the peace prevails and endures, and I have no doubt that it will. We have another situation like that right now in the Middle East in Gaza. You might have read a little bit about Gaza, and that's that's another one we're very proud of, but we we are we have a lot of people watching that, a lot of people. I think this is a much different kind of a thing, the two countries are getting along really well. Today alongside this peace treaty, we also are signing a major trade deal with Cambodia and a very important critical minerals agreement with Thailand. The United States will have a robust commerce and cooperation transactions, lots of them with both nations as long as they live in peace. And I really feel that when we make deals and we see two countries that we do a lot of business with, we do a lot of business with both of them, we have to use that business to make sure they they don't get into wars. But this is going to be a very long peace. So as you know, this is one of eight wars that my administration has ended in just eight months. We're averaging one a month. There is only one left, although I heard that Pakistan and Afghanistan have started up, but I'll get that solved very quickly. I know them both, and the Pakistan, the Field Marshal and the Prime Minister are great people, and I have no doubt we're going to get that done quickly. That one started up a few days ago. And I just feel it's something I can do. I do it nicely. I don't need to do it, I guess, but if I can take time and save millions of lives, that's really a great thing. I can't think of anything better to do. But the eight wars that my administration has ended in just eight months, there's never been anything like that, never, there never will be either. I can't think of any president that ever solved one war. I don't think any, they start wars, they don't solve them. So nothing like this has been done in history, and it's an honor to be involved on behalf of the United States. I'm proud to help settle this conflict and and really develop good friendships, including people that work with each team. Although these very distinguished people, except for my people that are my people are much less distinguished, but they're very good. But look at, my people understand a joke. But look at these very distinguished people and I've gotten to know them. I want to thank Marco Rubio for being here, who's great. He always helped. He was born for this job. He really was, he was born for this job, Secretary of State Jameson. Thank you very much for all you did on helping to. He's the foremost expert on trade, and we're going to be doing another couple of stops where we'll be talking about no war, just pure trade. We'll be talking to President Xi in a day, we'll be stopping at Japan, we'll be stopping at South Korea, and we'll be doing some other things, but they're more related to trade. But on behalf of the United States, I'm proud to help settle this conflict and forge a future for the region where proud independent nations can prosper and thrive in safety, security, and peace. It's an amazing thing that's happened to the United States because a year ago, a year and a half ago, we were a dead country. We were actually a dead country, and now we're the hottest country anywhere in the world. And when I called you, we were in the process of becoming hot. It's actually quite a while right now, but we were sort of on our way and we had won the the election big, in a massive amount. And so I was respected when I called you and it was a little bit easier. I think it's easier when you respect somebody than if you don't respect somebody. If you don't respect somebody, it never happens. But I won't forget that day because it was one of the first wars that I got involved in. And I love doing it. I love, it's one of, it's like, I shouldn't say it's a hobby because it's so much more serious than a hobby, but it's something that I'm good at and it's something I I love to do. The United Nations should be doing this, but they don't do it, you know, they don't do it. They turned off my teleprompter when I made a speech. I had to make a speech without a teleprompter. They're good at that. The escalator wasn't working too well, it came to a complete halt. But I mean, the United Nations has such great potential. I wish they could do it. They didn't get involved with us at all. We just did the deal and reported the deal and everybody was sort of amazed that we got it done so quickly and so nicely. But now I'd like to ask Prime Minister Anwar to say a few words, and then we'll hear from Prime Minister Hun Manet and Prime Minister Anutin. And these are, I just have to say for a last time, these are incredible men. The way they came together, the way they worked so hard, and we worked long hours. It was not not long days because the days were few in number, but the hours were very long and very intense. There was a lot of intensity going on because there was a lot of shooting happening while we were talking. That that brings it to a new level. And the three men sitting there should really be credited with having done just an incredible job for humanity. Thank you all very much. It's an honor to have worked with you. Appreciate it. Please.

[11:29] Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim:
Thank you, President Donald Trump, for giving us this honor and on behalf, of course, Malaysia and our colleagues in ASEAN, I must thank you for your concern, for your empathy, and for your commitment to support this peace deal. Um, when I first receive your call and then urging me to do more to support our initiative and you personally did call both Prime Ministers to urge for a speedy peace settlement, I would say a great thank you. And we, of course, admire your tenacity, your courage, because the world needs leaders who promote peace strongly. And and to achieve that, you have to break some rules, as you did today. When President arrived, he asked me to join him in the car. I said that's against the security and protocol rules. And he was delighted to break the rules, and I, yes, and that's right. It was a nice ride. And we share all things in common. I was in prison, but he almost got there. But we very good exchanges on a number of issues. Of course, priority is, of course, the peace deal. Thank you both Prime Ministers. You did a great job. We are delighted to have you as colleagues, as true friends, and you understand the need to secure peace to save our people and also the ASEAN position as a region of peace and prosperity. And I must also share with you here that I took the opportunity, full opportunity, without Secretary Rubio knowing this, exploring other issues too. And thank the President for his effort to secure peace in many parts of the world, including Gaza, and urging him to to remain focused and and ensure that there's comprehensive peace that the world requires. And I am delighted truly, President, to hear from you personally how determined you are to ensure that peace is achieved in the most intractable areas, almost, almost impossible, but you did it. And we have shown our support and call on the United States in particular to continue this with the support of many, not only neighbors but the world. But I must also take this opportunity to thank Secretary Rubio, Jamison, and Ambassador Kagan because they were they were very helpful. I mean, you didn't say that, but I must say that because they were extremely helpful in ensuring that you come here. I mean, I wasn't sure when you said to me, yes, Prime Minister Anwar, I'm coming. Well, I'm not sure because, you know, I deal with a lot of politicians, but you are an exception. Thank you, Mr. Donald Trump. Thank you very much again.

[14:50] Prime Minister Hun Manet:
President Donald Trump, Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim, Prime Minister Anutin Charnvirakul, excellencies, ladies and gentlemen. Today marks a historic moment, profound significance for Cambodia and Thailand, a day that reaffirms our shared conviction that peace is always possible when nations have the courage and wisdom to pursue it together. On behalf of the Cambodian people, I wish to express my deepest gratitude to President Donald J. Trump for his decisive leadership and steadfast commitment to supporting the lasting peace between Cambodia and Thailand and for his tireless efforts to make it a reality. I also wish to convey my sincere appreciation to Prime Minister Anwar for his unwavering support and facilitation throughout this peace process until successful conclusions. I further extend my appreciation to my ASEAN colleagues, China, and other partners who have been supporting the ceasefire from the beginning. The principle that underpin this joint declaration are those that Cambodia holds dear: that no matter how difficult or complex our dispute may be, they must always be resolved through peaceful means in full conformity with existing treaties and international law. Cambodia reaffirms its strong commitment to fully and faithfully implementing this joint declaration and to continuing to work closely with Thailand and all our partners to ensure that this peace endures and brings tangible benefit to our people. We look forward to continued support and contribution of international communities and partners to fruitful realization of the joint declaration. As we speak, I think our two commanders are discussing on the possibility of a total withdrawal, partial withdrawal of the first phase of our heavy weapons as a indication of our willingness to show that the execution of the joint declaration. At the same time, I hope, I strongly hope for the prompt release of our 18 soldiers on humanitarian grounds and as agreed in the joint declaration. Finally, recognizing your unwavering dedication and resolute efforts to promote peace, not only between Cambodia and Thailand but also among other nations and reflecting the gratitude of the Cambodian people, I have nominated President Donald J. Trump for the Nobel Peace Prize. And like I said, peace saved life, and this is the wish of our Cambodian people as appreciation for the President. So thank you very much, Mr. President. Thank you.

[18:10] Prime Minister Anutin Charnvirakul:
President Trump, Prime Minister Anwar, Prime Minister Hun Manet, excellencies, distinguished colleagues. Today marks a new chapter for Thailand and Cambodia. Today, we take a concrete step towards peace. I would like to thank Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim for the leadership as ASEAN chair and your strong efforts in upholding ASEAN unity. And I also wish to express my sincere appreciation to President Donald J. Trump for your personal dedication to peace between our two countries. And in addition, I thanks so much for the kind words of condolences that the President has given to our country on the great loss of our beloved Queen Mother. It means a lot to Thai people. We have come a long way since agreeing to the ceasefire here in Malaysia on 28th of July. The discussions since then have led to this important outcome, which is the signing of our joint declaration today. And I have to thank Prime Minister Hun Manet for his cooperation and support that led us to this moment. Thailand stands for peace. This declaration reflects our will to resolve differences peacefully in full respect of sovereignty and territorial integrity. This declaration, if fully implemented, will provide the building blocks for a lasting peace. But more importantly, it will begin the process of mending our ties. Our border communities have been divided by conflict and innocent civilians have suffered immense losses. This declaration places a firm responsibility on our two parties to act. I believe we can achieve what seemed beyond reach a few months ago. To this end, I welcome the agreement that following the signing of this joint declaration today, both sides will begin implementing all the agreed points, in particular promptly removing heavy weapons from the border areas to ensure the safety of our people, to build confidence and trust. And Thailand will also begin the process of releasing the 18 detained Cambodian soldiers. We have a responsibility to act in earnest and in good faith, and that we restore livelihoods and protect the well-being of our communities along our shared border. To achieve real change on the ground, what we agree on here must be implemented. Only then can we truly turn to a new page. Only then can we ensure that our people's security and safety. Only then can we achieve real peace. This is what our people expect of us, and this is what they deserve: peace with dignity. Going forward, I call on our friends to continue supporting this process so that the joint declaration is implemented fully and in good faith, rebuilding stability, trust, and renewed cooperation between Thailand and Cambodia and across our region. I am also pleased that today we announce the joint statement on a framework for a US-Thailand agreement on reciprocal trade, which I hope will facilitate our negotiations on tariffs for conclusion by end of this year. We will also sign the MOU between our governments on cooperation on critical minerals, which will further promote resilient and sustainable supply chains for years to come. Thank you once again. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. Thank you.