======================================================================
Transcript: President Trump Participates in a Bilateral Meeting with the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72xAuoqax-Y
Upload date: 2025-11-18
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Event metadata:
  Type: other
  Event time: 2025-11-18T16:35:42+00:00
======================================================================
[00:23] Donald Trump:
Well, thank you very much everybody. We have a extremely respected man in the Oval Office today and a friend of mine for a long time, a very good friend of mine. And I'm very proud of the job he's done, what he's done is incredible in terms of human rights and everything else. And he's the Crown Prince, the future king and I just want to pay my greatest respect to your father, King, who is an amazing man. I met him early on, he greeted me at the airport at an age that was pretty high up there. And it was about 117 degrees and he was standing on the red carpet as I came out of the plane and he's amazing. And when I met his brilliant son, it was at the Oval Office shortly thereafter. And you came in, represented the country and I called the father, I said, this guy is fantastic. And I don't know if that helped you or hurt you, but obviously it couldn't have hurt too much because here you are, right? But we had a great meeting and the office has changed quite a bit and we inherited a mess. You actually told me you thought the country was in big trouble. I'm not going to use the exact word that you used. I refuse to say that you thought our country was dead a year and a half, two years ago. But our country was in trouble and now we have the hottest country in the world. You said that also. And we do, we have the United States is right now the hottest country in the world and between the tariffs and the election, November 5th election, it's we've done things that nobody can believe. $21 trillion will be the amount invested in the United States or committed to invest in one year. So I'm here nine months, we're up to almost $18 trillion. Biden as an example, the Biden administration, if you call it that, it's not to me, it was the Biden lack of administration. They were less than $1 trillion for four years. We're going to be $21 trillion for one year. I think that's hard to believe. The biggest in history was a certain country, $3 trillion. We're going to be $21 trillion. On top of that, prices are coming down. We inherited a mess with high prices, the worst inflation in the history of our country. We had inflation that was a single full four years, the worst inflation in the history of the United States. Gas prices through the roof and that's after destroying our petroleum reserve which was meant for wars and big emergencies, not to try and win an election. They opened up the reserve so that people get $3 less in gasoline and it didn't work. They got about three cents less because as big as those reserves are, they're peanuts when you're talking about that kind of traffic. And we're rebuilding the reserves, we're doing all of this and we've done a job. We're also bringing down prices very substantially and we've already brought them down very, very substantially. Gasoline is way down. I think you'll be seeing $2 gasoline, but we're now at 250, 245, some are lower than that. It was 450, $5, $6, 350, 375 under Biden, all different numbers but way high. And we have energy way down. But the biggest thing to me because I know what it means in jobs is the fact that we're at over $17 trillion, Scott, and we expect to be around 20, $21 trillion in one year. And that's many times bigger than in history the highest number was $3 trillion and we're going to be at $21 trillion. That means new plants, new AI, new auto plants. We have auto plants coming in from Canada, from Mexico, from Germany, from Japan. Toyota just agreed to invest $10 billion on new auto plants, all American workers. We've never been in a position like this. You can go back to the beginning, our country has never been in a position like this and it really is because of the fact that we use tariffs to bring all this money in. And you're going to see the results in a year when these plants start to open up. We have more plants under construction now than at any time in the history of our country. And these are big plants, these are the biggest plants anywhere in the world. And I want to thank you because you've agreed to invest $600 billion into the United States. And because he's my friend, he might make it a trillion, but I'm going to have to work on him. But it's 600, we can count on 600 billion. But that number could go up a little bit higher, yes sir, I don't know, we'll see. But we appreciate it very much, so Saudi is going to be investing at least $600 billion. And that means investment in plants, in companies, money on Wall Street and what it really means for everybody that really counts is jobs, a lot of jobs. We have a lot of jobs. So I just want to thank you. We've been really good friends for a long period of time. We've always been on the same side of every issue. I think we've done a great job in wiping out the nuclear capacity of Iran. Nobody else could have done that. No other president would have done it. We had the pilots in the Oval Office right here, we were celebrating a very successful attack. So I had them in with that beautiful B-2 bomber that's over there. And they said, sir, for 22 years, we practiced this attack. Our predecessors, these were very young guys, so 22 years, they said our predecessors have practiced the attack on Iran, but no president ever gave us the go ahead. Three times a year they went out and they practiced the attack. Nobody let us do it until you came along. And I let them do it because it was the right thing to do. You can't have a nuclear Iran. And so we put you in a very good position. But I just want to say, it's an honor to be your friend and it's an honor that you're here. And if you'd like to say a few words, but thank you very much.

[06:37] Mohammed bin Salman:
Thank you, Mr. President. This relationship, the relation is from about nine decades and we've been working together for a long time. But today is a very important time in our history because there's also a lot of things that we're working in the future. We believe in the future of the United States of America. We believe in what you're doing, Mr. President, truly creating a lot of good things and good foundations to create more economic growth, more business in America. And with also your work for the world peace. I believe Mr. President, in the today and tomorrow, we're going to announce that we're going to increase that 600 billion to almost $1 trillion of investment, real investment and real opportunity by details in many areas, in technology, in AI, in environment, materials, magnets, etc. That will create a lot of investment opportunity.

[07:43] Donald Trump:
So you are doing that now. You're saying to me now that the 600 billion will be 1 trillion.

[07:58] Mohammed bin Salman:
Definitely, because what we are signing today to facilitate that and we'll look for more. I like that very much. It works out. Now that's great. That's great. I appreciate that. That's great. It's no we're doing numbers that nobody's ever done. And in all fairness, if you didn't see potential in the US, you wouldn't be doing that.

[08:21] Donald Trump:
Definitely. As you said, Mr. President, it's the most hottest country in the planet. But what you're creating is not about opportunity today. It's about also long-term opportunity in the United States of America that will affect America economy positively in the next coming decades. Preparing the right foundation of emerging technologies, that's a game changer for America in a good way and we want to be part of it. No, we did it really well and this you know, you don't see what we're doing so much because we have, although the construction industry sees it. If you look at Caterpillar, who's been incredible, the production, you know, the tractors, everything else, the numbers that we're doing in construction are unbelievable. You know, some of the plants that we're building AI and they're building their own electric with the plant. I gave them the right to build their own electric with the plant because no country frankly will have this. China's working very hard to produce enough electric, but we're beating China substantially at AI, which is a big thing. And we had a great meeting two weeks ago with President Xi on AI. We're doing well. And I have a man, David Vromel. David, could you say a few words about what you're seeing on the job front and all of the some of the assets and also how we've been helped by the Saudis in terms of the kind of investment they've made, please.

[08:58] David Vromel:
Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I am a facility leader for GE Vernova. And if you look at the landscape for GE Vernova investment, over $750 million in the US focused on true manufacturing jobs here stateside. We're looking at tripling the output of our Greenville, South Carolina facility where we make the gas turbines that are supporting US needs as well as the Saudi Arabia needs. So real jobs, $300 million in gas investment results in over 500 pieces of new equipment being installed in the Greenville, South Carolina facility. That translates into roughly 1,800 jobs across the board for GE Vernova as we try to scale capacity to be able to meet this demand. Along with that, we're partnering with local communities to build the skill set that's required to meet these capacity needs. So it's real jobs in the manufacturing space.

[10:16] Donald Trump:
Well, you've been great and thank you very much and we love that state. I won that state by record numbers. I won a lot of states by record. Texas, a lot of them by Indiana, just were working with Indiana. We won that. We won a lot of them by records. But that was one of them. I want to thank you very much, say hello to everybody. Great job, you're doing a great job, thank you. Appreciate it, Mr. President. So just in wrapping up, we'll take a couple of questions, but I want to just tell you what an honor it is to be your friend. And I very much appreciate the investment of now $1 trillion, okay. I'm glad you got that out. I didn't want to be the one to tell them, but that's that's great news.

[11:14] Reporter:
Keep increasing Mr. President. I know, each time the opportunities are just increasing more and more. Well the opportunity, certainly. We're doing better if even if you look back six months ago, I mean all of a sudden you feel even better. So and I think we're only going to go in one way. Does anybody have any questions? Mr. President, Mr. President, Mr. President, have you approved the export licenses for advanced chips to Saudi Arabia? The export licenses?

[11:25] Donald Trump:
We are working on that. We're negotiating that right now. Marco, do you want to talk about that or Scott?

[11:31] Aide:
Well, I mean, that's part of what we may have announcements on that later today. But that's what we've been working on is is the mechanics by which something like that could be achieved and it's part of the broader process, part of this broader engagement and cooperation between our two countries.

[11:45] Donald Trump:
Certain levels of chips, yeah. Your Highness, you're talking about a trillion dollars in investment. Could the kingdom continue to do that with oil prices in the mid-60s?

[11:54] Mohammed bin Salman:
It's we are not creating a fake opportunities to, you know, please America or please President Trump. It's real opportunities. For example, you ask about the AI and the chips, Saudi Arabia have a huge demand of huge need of computing power and we're going to spend in the short term about $50 billion by consuming those semiconductors for our needs in Saudi Arabia. And with the agreement that we're going to have with the United States of America that will allow us to focus that consuming power in the short term by $50 billion from United States of America and long-term with hundreds of billion dollar in the in the long term. So so there is a lot of real opportunities that fit to our need in Saudi Arabia and fit our investment strategy.

[12:37] Reporter:
Mr. President, Mr. President, is it appropriate Mr. President for your family to be doing business in Saudi Arabia while you're president? Is that a conflict of interest? And Your Royal Highness, the US intelligence concluded that you orchestrated the brutal murder of a journalist. 9/11 families are furious that you are here in the Oval Office. Why should Americans trust you? And same to you, Mr. President.

[12:54] Donald Trump:
Who are you with? Who are you with? I'm with ABC News, sir. Who are you with? ABC News, sir. Fake news, ABC fake news, one of the worst in the business, but I'll answer your question. I have nothing to do with the family business. I have left and when I I've devoted 100% of my energy, what my family does is fine. They do business all over. They've done very little with Saudi Arabia actually. I'm sure they could do a lot. And anything they've done has been very good. That's what we've done, we built a tremendous business for a long time. I've been very successful. I decided to leave that success behind and make America very successful and I've made America more successful by far than it ever was and that it ever could have been no matter who was president. There would be nobody bringing in $21 trillion, that I can tell you right now. As far as this gentleman is concerned, he's done a phenomenal job. You're mentioning somebody that was extremely controversial. A lot of people didn't like that gentleman that you're talking about. Whether you like him or didn't like him, things happened, but he knew nothing about it. And we can leave it at that. You don't have to embarrass our guest by asking a question like that.

[14:02] Mohammed bin Salman:
It's okay, she just asked Mr. President, allow me to answer. You know, I feel painful about you know, families of 9/11 in America. But you know, we have to focus in reality. Reality based in CIA documents and based on a lot of documents that Osama bin Laden he used Saudi people in that event for one main purpose is to destroy this relation, to destroy the American-Saudi relation. That's the purpose of 9/11. So whoever buy in that, that mean they are helping Osama bin Laden's purpose of destroying this relation. He know that strong relation between America and Saudi Arabia is bad for extremism, it's bad for terrorism. And we have to approve him wrong and to build our relation, continue building our relation. It's critical for the safety of the world, it's critical against extremism and terrorism. About the journalist, it's really painful to hear you know, anyone that being losing his life for, you know, no real purpose or not in a legal way. And it's been painful for us in Saudi Arabia. We've did all the right steps of investigation, etc. in Saudi Arabia and we've improved our system to be sure that nothing happened like that. And it's painful and it's a huge mistake and we are doing our best that this doesn't happen again.

[15:23] Reporter:
Mr. President, thank you Mr. President. Um, the Crown Prince has been instrumental in helping lift the sanctions on Syria. That's true. Would there be any joint investment between the US and Syria and will you visit Damascus?

[15:40] Donald Trump:
Are you from Syria? No, but um Where are you from? I'm from Palestine. Oh, making a lot of progress, huh? Very good. Well they like me. The Palestinians like me. Palestinians are doing very well actually. I think we're working very closely with a lot of people to make everybody happy, including Israel, the Palestinians and everybody else. That's very interesting. No, I think that I will tell you, the Crown Prince called me and he specifically asked me if I would lift the sanctions on Syria because he wants to see Syria make it. As you know, the leader of Syria was just here. We had a great meeting and he's a strong guy and I guess you need a strong person to run it. And I think Syria's made tremendous progress. And we did lift the sanctions at the request of the Crown Prince, also the President of Turkey, Erdogan called me specifically. He said, you know, if you don't lift the sanctions, Syria doesn't have a chance. If you do, they have a very good chance. And between the two of them and some others, I lifted the sanctions and the results so far have been pretty good.

[16:49] Reporter:
Mr. President, I have a question about the F-35s that are being sold to Saudi Arabia. Are these the same ones that are being used by the Israeli military? And if so, how does that allow for the qualitative military edge for Israel? And then I want to ask you because you brought up the plight of the Palestinians. Are you aware of relocation flights to South Africa that are taking place right now? What flights? There're relocation flights that are taking place. Some Palestinians are being charged up to $2,000 a seat.

[17:19] Donald Trump:
I'm not going to South Africa for the G-20 because I think their policies on the extermination of people are unacceptable. So I'm not going so I won't read very much anything having to do with South Africa. South Africa is behaving extremely badly. But I will say that when you look at the F-35 and you're asking me is it the same, I think it's going to be pretty similar here. This is a great ally and Israel's a great ally and I know they'd like you to get planes of reduced caliber. I don't think that makes you too happy. They've been a great ally, Israel's been a great ally and we're looking at that exactly right now. But as far as I'm concerned, I think they are both at a level where they should get top of the line. Yes, please.

[18:09] Reporter:
I want to ask the Crown Prince if I could just ask about a direct link between. Sorry, I'll see one second. Have you reached an agreement on a US-Saudi defense treaty today? And are you going to bring up the Abraham Accords in your discussion?

[18:24] Donald Trump:
I already brought them up. What did he say? I think I got a positive response. Would you like to respond?

[18:30] Mohammed bin Salman:
Yes, so so definitely, we believe we believe having having a good relation with all the Middle Eastern countries is a good thing and we want to be part of the Abraham Accords, but we want also to be sure that we secure a clear path of two-state solution. And today we have a healthy discussion with Mr. President that we're going to work on that to be sure that we can prepare the right situation as soon as possible to have that.

[18:53] Donald Trump:
I think we're, you know, I don't want to use the word commitment, but we've had a very good talk on the Abraham Accords. We talked about one state, two state, you know, we talked about a lot of things in a short period of time. We'll be discussing it further too. But I think you have a very good feeling for the Abraham Accords.

[19:09] Mohammed bin Salman:
Yes, definitely Mr. President, we want peace for the Israelis, we want peace for the Palestinians, we want them to coexist peacefully in the region and we will do our best to to reach that day.

[19:18] Reporter:
And the defense agreement, have you reached agreement on that?

[19:20] Donald Trump:
Pretty much have.

[19:23] Reporter:
Mr. President, to the Crown Prince, if I could just ask about the direct attacks between the United States and Iran. Have you been fully briefed on that? And are you concerned at all about how this might impact Saudi security interests?

[19:39] Mohammed bin Salman:
We we we we are close eye, we be working closely together in that issue and we will do our best to help to reach a deal between United States of America and Iran and we believe it's good for Iran's future to have a good deal that that will satisfy the region and the world and United States of America. So we will do our best to see that they happen.

[19:57] Donald Trump:
By the way, Iran does want to make a deal. I can say I think they very badly want to make a deal. I am totally open to it. And we're talking to them and we start a process, but it would be a nice thing to have a deal with Iran and we could have done it before the war but that didn't work out. And something will happen there I think, but they would very much like, I mean they may say something else, but they would very much like to have a deal.

[20:25] Reporter:
Mr. President, you said you are planning you said you are planning to sell the F-35 jets to Saudi Arabia. Is it part of the security agreement and how you assess the defense partnership between Saudi Arabia and the United States?

[20:44] Donald Trump:
I just said it, I mean we're going to sell them F-35s, that's beyond the question. Is it part of the security agreement or not? No, we're going to have no, we're going to have a deal, they're going to purchase F-35s, buying them from Lockheed and it's a great plane. We make by the way the best military equipment. You saw that during the Iran little skirmish. We make the best planes, the best missiles, we make the best defensive missiles. We we make the best military equipment in the world.

[21:13] Reporter:
And for His Royal Highness, I would like to ask about how you see the cooperation between the United States and Saudi Arabia in the technological advanced technological field especially AI and how it will support Saudi Arabia to serve its goal to achieve the vision of 2030.

[21:26] Mohammed bin Salman:
Well, I will try to answer that in short but definitely there is a lot of interest in many industry between Saudi Arabia and America and we are signing a lot of agreement in different areas that will really add value to America economy, but also it will add value to us in Saudi Arabia. In AI, it's a critical for us because one of long long-term problems that we could have is lack of workforce. As you see in the past few years, some of them reached 30% of the global migration to Saudi Arabia. So we know that to assure that Saudi Arabia GDP growing with the lack of workforce that we have, we need to use a lot of computing power to replace job in the long term. So that's huge demand in Saudi Arabia and want to link it to American private sectors and getting the supply from America. So there is a lot of opportunities in that area.

[22:16] Donald Trump:
And we're also involved in AI in Saudi Arabia. So we're working and and we're again we're leading by a lot on AI. I actually let China would be in second place but we're leading by a lot. And and I have to say this and our relationship with China has been very good. And as far as buying our farm products, they're pretty much on schedule. Scott, I'd like you to call them say if they could speed it up. But they're pretty much on schedule.

[22:45] Reporter:
Mr. President, I may have a question for both the Crown Prince and you. Who you, where you from? Faisal Abbas from Arab News, Saudi Arabia, Your Excellency. You should be a friendly question. Your Royal Highness, just picking up on something you just mentioned about how some people try to destroy the relationship between Saudi Arabia and the United States. Perhaps you know since the launch of the vision, we've been used to having the bigger picture and that everything fits into the bigger picture. Might you want to elaborate a little bit about where is the relationship, the bilateral relationship, the strategic partnership between Saudi Arabia and the United States heading and what's the big picture there?

[23:26] Mohammed bin Salman:
Well, I I don't think it's a relation that we can replace it for on the Saudi side or the American side. It's a critical relationship for our political attempt, for our economical attempt, for our security, for our military, for for many things. And it had been there for nine nine decades and the opportunities that we have today it's huge and seems that it's going to be get deeper in the next few decades. And what we are having today and tomorrow with President Trump, it's it's really huge new chapter on this relation that will add value to both of us.

[24:01] Donald Trump:
You know when you think about it, I'm just sitting here, you're with the future king, a man who's respected by everybody, a man that doesn't have to be doing this, really. I don't have to be doing it either. And yet we're sitting here taking questions, any questions. We didn't say oh you can't talk about this or that. And there's never been transparency like this. Even in his country, but there's never been in our country that's been acknowledged. But we didn't put restrictions and I'm saying it's sort of wonderful to be taking questions from all over the world. Everybody's here, this is just a small group representative of tremendous numbers of media that are outside that are very jealous that these people were so selected. But they're representing a lot of people that are outside. I think it's terrific that we could be sitting here being this open and you know, I think it's really a wonderful thing. Yeah.

[24:52] Reporter:
You don't mind a personal question for you Mr. President? Oh, okay, here we go. So apart from everything you mentioned in your opening remarks, you forgot to mention that you've de-escalated seven more since you started. At least in our part of the world you are seen as a peacemaker and adding that to all the executive orders and everything else you've mentioned, I really have to wonder. You in your speech in Saudi Arabia, I was there, you said that His Royal Highness does not sleep at night thinking how he does things better. We wonder in Saudi Arabia, how do you manage your own time and what's your formula for managing it?

[25:23] Donald Trump:
He does not sleep much and I don't sleep much. I think we have the same schedule. Thinking about our countries and if you sleep a lot and you're president, we just had one that slept more than any president, he broke every record. He he sleeps all the time during the day, during the night and on the beach. Only guy could fall asleep on the beach with the press watching. No, he's not a sleeper, I'm not a sleeper, we don't. We talk at night. I can call him almost any time, goes hi how you doing, it's crazy times. But no, when you love your job, when you love your country and when you're in a position like we are, future king, highly respected Crown Prince and in my case President, you're thinking about your country. You're thinking about making America great again. We're thinking about keeping Saudi Arabia strong and vital and in a pretty tough part of the world, tricky part, very tricky part. A lot of tricky people. But they he thinks about his country and I think about my country. I don't want to sleep.

[26:27] Reporter:
President Trump, do you expect a formal civil nuclear deal to be reached soon? Can you talk to us about that aspect with with Saudi Arabia?

[26:35] Donald Trump:
I can see that happening. Is that urgent? It's not it's not urgent. It's it's always when you have civil nuclear, but you have more oil than almost anybody else. We we actually have more oil and gas than they do, but I refuse to say that. We have more than anyone in history.

[26:55] Reporter:
And on the F-35s, are those sales, Israel had reportedly wanted those sales to be conditioned on Saudi Arabia moving to normalize. Israel will be happy. Israel's going to be happy. Is that a condition of the F-35s?

[27:04] Donald Trump:
Israel's aware and they're going to be very happy. Okay?

[27:12] Reporter:
Hello. My name is [unintelligible] from Okaz newspaper from Riyadh. I have question for the Crown Prince and for you Mr. President. Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, what how much you expected from developing the cooperation with United States in the field of new energy, AI, supply chains, how much you expected from that?

[27:44] Mohammed bin Salman:
No limit, we just continue pushing forward. There's no limit. So so just push forward for all the opportunities that we have.

[27:51] Donald Trump:
This is you have to understand, this is really a great ally. Just the fact that they're now doing I I came in here at six I did not know that, I was pushing for the $1 trillion but he didn't tell me that. Now he told me. This is a great ally of ours. You know when you invest $1 trillion, that's national security for us too. Because it creates jobs, it creates a lot of things and I would say Scott, right? When you hear one country is putting $1 trillion into the United States that creates national security. And you know, I think that they don't have to say that, but I think a big part of that is also the fact that tariffs are in play. But even beyond tariffs, that's a real ally that will do that. Creates a lot of power for the United States.

[28:41] Reporter:
Mr. President, we are also in Saudi Arabia very happy for this much of Saudi money is a pension here and of course it's come back for us for benefit. So it's it's complementary interest. So this is this is again what we win and ally do.

[29:06] Donald Trump:
Well look, I love the country of Saudi Arabia. I know the people very well. The level of treatment that we go when we go to Saudi Arabia is something that is incredible. And the people like us and I think they really like America, especially when I'm president. I mean, I don't think they liked America so much maybe for four years recently. I think Obama treated Saudi Arabia very, very badly, very badly. As you know, but and I think Biden didn't have any idea where the hell he was and I don't think Biden knew the difference.

[29:39] Reporter:
How would you describe the future relationship with Saudi Arabia? I mean from the strategic aspect, how do you see it?

[29:52] Donald Trump:
How would I say the relationship is? Yeah, on the level of strategic. I would say top of the line. It's it's as good as it can I don't think it can get much better. We have look we have a country that trusts us and that's why they make that investment. If they didn't trust us they couldn't make that investment. And we trust them. They've been very reliable. No we, you know, we are I rebuilt our military in my first term. And we spent trillions of dollars and we gave away some of it in Afghanistan stupidly because we had stupid people running our country. But we gave away but as much as it was it's a tiny fraction of what we what we put here. And we're again we're bringing our military to a new level, the highest level ever. We have those those planes are going out. And again it's all American jobs and everything else. So it's good for a lot of reasons. But as far as Saudi is concerned, no I I don't think our relationship could be better. I don't think they had a great relationship under Biden and I don't think they had a great relationship under Obama. But they have a great relationship under Trump. When we did the presidential walk of fame, you saw that, right? And we're walking and I I asked the Crown Prince, so outside of Trump, outside of Trump because I blow everyone away, who was the best president for Saudi Arabia? And you could maybe it's an interesting answer I think.

[31:13] Mohammed bin Salman:
The FDR started it, Democrat, and Reagan he's one of the historical president that have close ties with Saudi Arabia. But we work with all presidents.

[31:26] Donald Trump:
Does Trump blow them all away? That's on another league Mr. President. And Trump doesn't give a fist bump. I grab that hand, I don't give a hell where that hand's been, I grab that hand. When when remember Biden? He travels for 20 hours, gets out and he gives the fist bump. No, when you get out of the plane and you got the future king and a man who's one of the most respected people in the world, you shake his hand, you don't give him a fist bump. Right? We don't want to ask you about that, but I can't imagine you were thrilled. You were like a little bit surprised. He's a fantastic guy. You don't do that. Yeah, please.

[32:10] Reporter:
We're going closer to the end of the year. Have you started the interviews for the Fed Chair?

[32:14] Donald Trump:
Yes. Who have you interviewed? I think I already know my choice. Who is it? Well I liked him, but he's not going to take the job he refused. And you like Treasury better, right? Much better sir. Uh so we are talking to various people. And the I mean frankly I'd love to get the guy currently in there out right now. But people are holding me back. He's done a terrible job, hurting housing a little bit. The truth is we we've been so successful we've blown past his interest rate stupidity. He's been wrong, that's why I call him Too-Late. He's Too-Late Jerome Too-Late Powell. He was recommended to me by a guy that made a bad you know bad choice. And it's too bad. But despite that, it's having very little impact because we have, you know, we have all of these things happening. But it has an impact on housing to a certain extent. He's a fool, he's a stupid man. But we have some very good people. Yes sir. You you you'll be sitting down with them in the near future in? We have some surprising names and we have some standard names that everybody's talking about. And we may go the standard way, you know it's nice every once in a while to go politically correct. But we have some great names. Steve?

[33:36] Reporter:
Have you talked to President Maduro of Venezuela yet or are you going into that?

[33:41] Donald Trump:
No, he wants to talk. Yes sir. Yeah I'm open to talking. I talk to everybody. But no he wants to, they treated us very badly. They sent all of their prison population into the United States. And we're getting them out rapidly. But he sent all of his and he sends drugs into the United States and other things. No he treated us badly. He was dealing with a bad president and he was able to get away. We have now I think we have the strongest borders anywhere in the world. Nobody is coming in unless they come in legally. And we taken very weak borders where millions of people came in. For the last six months, I mean I don't do these reports, they say zero people have been able to come in. Is that pretty good? I don't know if that's right but it's pretty good.

[34:26] Reporter:
Mr. President, why wait for Congress to release the Epstein files? Why not just do it now?

[34:31] Donald Trump:
You know, it's not the question that I mind, it's your attitude. I think you are a terrible reporter. Uh it's the way you ask these questions. You start off with a man who is highly respected, asking him a horrible insubordinate and just a terrible question. And you could have even asked that same exact question nicely. You're all psyched up, somebody psychs you over at ABC, they're going to psych it. Uh you're a terrible person and a terrible reporter. Uh as far as the Epstein files is, I have nothing to do with Jeffrey Epstein. I threw him out of my club many years ago because I thought he was a sick pervert. But and I guess I turned out to be right. But you know who does have? Bill Clinton, a Larry Summers who ran Harvard was with him every single night, every single weekend, they lived together, they went to his island many times, I never did. Uh Andrew Weissmann I hear, all these guys were friends of his. You don't even talk about those people. You just keep going on the Epstein files. Now what the Epstein is is a Democrat hoax to try and get me not to be able to talk about the $21 trillion that I talked about today. It's a hoax. Now I just got a little report and I put it in my pocket of all the money that he's given to Democrats. He gave me none, zero, no money to me. But he gave money to Democrats. And people are wise to your hoax and ABC's your company, you're a crappy company, you're one of the the perpetrators. And I'll tell you something, I'll tell you something. Why not just sign it now? I think the license should be taken away from ABC because your news is so fake and it's so wrong. And we have a great commissioner, the chairman who should look at that because I think when you come in and when you're 97% negative to Trump and then Trump wins the election in a landslide, that means obviously your news is not credible and you're not credible as a reporter. So I've answered your question. You should go and look at the Democrats who received money from Epstein, who spent their time. Larry Summers was was with him all the time. That creep of the fund guy was with him all the time. What's his name? Reid Hoffman. Who? Reid Hoffman. I don't know Reid Hoffman, but I know he spends a lot of money on the radical left. Reid Hoffman in my opinion should be under investigation. He's a sleazebag and those are the people but they don't get any press, they don't get any news and you're not after the radical left because you're a radical left network. But I think the way you ask a question with the anger and the meanness is terrible. You're going to go back and learn how to be a reporter. No more questions from you. Who else has a question?

[37:23] Reporter:
Crown Prince, very quickly, I want to ask you how much money is Saudi Arabia giving for Gaza reconstruction?

[37:29] Mohammed bin Salman:
We we are in discussion about that, still there is no amount being being named, but but we will definitely help.

[37:37] Donald Trump:
Yeah he's going to it's very important to him.

[37:39] Reporter:
And a quick follow-up. Uh the international security force, given your pledge there would be no US boots on the ground, what is the US role going to be in that and how do you sort of ratify the allegations that this could undermine Palestinian sovereignty and even the path to statehood?

[37:53] Donald Trump:
I think we're going to get along great with the Palestinians and we you know we know their leadership. We just had a very you hate to say war, but it was a war. Very, very successful and you could say really it was on behalf of everybody. We did that on behalf of everybody. And the outcome was extraordinary because we had the best pilots, the best equipment, the best planes, the best everything. And Israel bought the best equipment, they bought it from us. Everything's from us. It all starts here. This office, I was talking to the Crown Prince a little while ago, you walk into this office for somebody from the outside, the Oval Office. It's the most powerful place in the world. You're standing right now in the most powerful place in the world. And no matter how big you are, these are the biggest people, the richest people, they walk into this office, it's special, isn't it? Look at him, he's so happy to be here. But you walk into this office, it's the Oval Office. Uh and we've done a lot of good with this office. I've stopped actually eight wars. I appreciated your question before, but I've actually stopped eight wars. I have another one to go with Putin. I'm a little surprised that Putin is taking longer than I thought. But we stopped India-Pakistan, we I could go through the list, you know the list better than I do. I'm very proud. And I stopped one that was almost ready to start again. You know there was one that was ready to start and and they're doing and they're doing very well. So it all took place right here in the Oval Office. Whether by telephone or what whether by they came in. Many of these leaders have come in and you know they signed their peace deals right here in the Oval Office. So no matter if it's the biggest business people in the world or the greatest leaders in the world, the biggest leaders in the world, like the gentleman on my right, everybody walks into the Oval Office and they say wow. And now by the way the Oval Office is in the kind of condition that it should be in. Whether you look at the walk or the marble floors or anything down the road, we're fixing the White House and we're building the one of the greatest ballrooms ever to be built. You know we have an event tonight and we're going to have about 118 people because we have a very small room. For 150 years they've wanted a ballroom and now you're going to get a great ballroom. And I have to say, I probably made a lot of enemies because in your honor we're having a dinner tonight, a beautiful dinner tonight. And we have a very small room, right? It's called the East Room and it's beautiful, it's lovely, but it's like for a little cocktail before you go into a ballroom. It's a very small room. They've wanted a new ballroom for 150 years. We could have sold the big ballroom out three times in honor of this gentleman. So I made a lot of enemies because I have a lot of people that aren't invited tonight or are unable to come because of the size constraint. But you know what we'll do before I leave office we'll have another dinner because we'll have it ready long before I leave office and it's going to be beautiful. It's it's you know it's a very popular thing what we're doing. And by the way, no government funds, it's all put up by private money, all private money. And in the case I think it's there's a restriction on foreigners, otherwise I could have asked you for a check, okay? But there's a restriction. These are all private individuals have put up a lot of money to build the ballroom, not one penny is being used from the federal government. So it's really a nice thing. But I look forward to it. I just wanted to point it out. This would be a perfect night to have that ballroom open, Suzy. If we had that open, we'd have a lot of people very happy. Right now we have a lot of unhappy people because they all want to be with us tonight to honor this great man. Thank you all very much. Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you, Mr. President.