======================================================================
Transcript: President Trump Participates in a Roundtable on American Agriculture 2026-06-05 20:18
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cS50WGBj84
Upload date: 2026-06-05
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Event metadata:
  Type: other
  Event time: 2026-06-05T20:11:26+00:00
======================================================================
[37:53] Announcer:
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the President of the United States, Donald J. Trump.

[40:48] Donald J. Trump:
Thank you very much, everybody. So, I just did an interview in the most beautiful barn I've ever seen. Ken, it was a beauty, but it was raining. And it was with NBC fake news. And because it was raining, I got a little bit angry at them. I was not happy with them, but we had a good time. I just want to thank everybody for being here. We love the farmers. We love everything about your state. And you know we won your state by a lot, and we've had great success here in Wisconsin. And we brought a lot of business to Wisconsin. We recommend - I love the place. And hopefully you're going to be voting Republican because frankly, Republican is - I call it the sane way to go. It's the sane way. Because what I'm seeing from the Democrats, they're going to have some problems. And by the way, if they don't, if they win, this country is finished. We're in trouble. So, I hate to say that you have no choice, but I don't think you have much of a choice. These are some very sick puppies that I'm looking at that are running for office and on the other side, I call them the Democrats, D-U-M. You take out the B. A lot of people don't know dumb has a B. You take out the B and you change the E, you put the U, and you have a dumbocrat. But they are - their policy is just outstandingly bad. And it's really bad for the farmer because we were having record stuff, and then we had to put out a fire, we had to extinguish a nuclear weapon, a capable nuclear - this was going to be a very capable country that was going to have a massive nuclear presence, and we weren't going to let that happen. Nobody wanted that to happen, and we've largely finished that. You'll see. And one way or the other, it's finished. One way - one way or the other, it's finished. It's either finished with a piece of paper or finished a more difficult way, although you could say a much easier way. As you know with Iran, they have no Navy. 159 ships in four days. Even Ken is impressed by that. Four days, 159 ships at the bottom of the sea. Not that we like that, but that's the way it is. And the blockade is unbelievable. There's never been a blockade like that. The Navy is - we have the greatest military anywhere in the world. There's never been a military like it. And if you remember when all the heat I was taking from the Democrats - we'll be nice, I'll use Democrats at least half the time - but if you remember the heat that I had to take to get help for the farmer and also to get help for the military. Because they don't want anything to do with the military, the farmer, or for the most part, they don't want anything to do with anything good. And that's why the midterms are coming up. And I hope you people are really spiritized because we're at a point we're going to come out of Iran very quickly and it's going to be very strong. One way or the other, whether it's a piece of paper or the very tough way, okay? The very tough way may be the easier way, but we're going to come out. And your fertilizer prices are going to go way down just like they were four months ago. Your fertilizer is down, your energy's down, your oil, your gas is all coming way down. And frankly, I thought it would go much higher than it did. I thought frankly that gasoline would be much higher than it was. I was in Iowa, another place I like a lot, and it was just before we started the excursion to Iran. And we passed gas stations, it was $1.85 a gallon. And we're going to get them down to those numbers again very quickly. But as - but as they say in the farming business, we had to take care of business. Look at this guy over here. I don't know who the hell he is, but he is one hell of a specimen, I can tell you. This guy - this is one hell of a physical specimen. I thought I was big until I met you, Joe, you know. You're fantastic. That's what I like. Anyway, I just want to let you all know that I'm thrilled to be here at Custer Farms, and Ken and his family, they're amazing. I took pictures with them backstage and got to know them a little bit. They're really amazing people. They - they built this country. You all built this country. Not the complainers, not the wise guys. You all built this country, and I just want - and I just want to - and I just want to just let you know that Wisconsin for me has been just a great place. You know, it's known as difficult. It's difficult. You got to be good to win. But we won here as you know, we won it a lot. And we're trying to figure out who the few people that voted against us are, we're looking - we're looking for them right now. But today we're celebrating the historic strides for some of the most loyal, hardworking patriots anywhere in the nation, and they're really called our American farmers. And we're with you a thousand percent, or I wouldn't be here. We're with you like you wouldn't believe, and you're going to see some very good things happen over the next 90-day period. I told - I told Ken, 90 days, watch what happens. You're going to be better - better than you were four months ago. And before we begin, I'm delighted to report that for the third month in a row, the jobs numbers - I guess you saw them this morning - they just got released, and they smashed all expectations by actually three times. And this is during a military conflict, I call it that because it's really not that much of a war. But it's a military conflict, it's a practice. But this is 172,000 jobs were created in May, that's about four times higher than anticipated. And experts predicted 30,000 jobs, and these are the strongest job numbers of the entire administration so far. And that's during this conflict on top of it. So it's great. And you know we have a thing, we have a problem in this country, because it used to be - if you're I'm a little older than a couple of you, but I don't feel old. I feel the same as I did 50 years ago, it's crazy. Mr. Senator, we got a great senator right here, Ron. But I do feel the same. But - but in the old days, you know, if you had good job numbers, like great job numbers like they announced today, the stock market goes up. Today everything is crazy. The whole world is crazy. So when you have great job numbers, the stock market goes down because they think interest rates will go up, and when interest rates go up, they stop inflation. Well, you know what else stops inflation? Growth actually stops inflation. And they ought to go back to the old system. When we have good numbers, the markets ought to go up, not go down. And it would be - that's the way you build greatness. You build greatness that way. So I think it's going to - we have a great gentleman coming in, Kevin Warsh. He's going to do a fantastic job at the Fed. We're getting rid of too late. But uh, we have - Kevin is one of the greats. So you're going to see - but you're going to see beyond anything, you're going to see numbers coming in over the next more than two and a half - we have two and a half years plus. Can you believe how time flies, right? And can you believe the work we've done? You know, it's sad because you have speechwriters and you have advisors and you have all these people, and generally you don't like listening to any of them because if you do, you're in trouble. But I said, you know, when I came here, we had the most unsafe, we had the worst border maybe anywhere in the world. There was no border. 25 million people came in, drug dealers came in, people from mental institutions came in, murderers came in. 11,888 murderers, most of whom - over 50% of whom killed, can you believe this, more than one person. One killed seven people. We allowed them into our country. We've got them largely - they're going out and they're going out fast. We have to fight crooked judges, crooked administrations, crooked politicians, but they're going out fast. But we have the safest border in our history for the last 12 months, and this is a hard number to believe, but I don't give it, it's a number that's out there, you've heard it. Zero people have come into our country through our southern border. Zero. It's a little hard to believe, but true. It's a little hard - I mean, if they said like 20 people, I would have been, you know. 25 million came in through Sleepy Joe Biden, so we had zero people. And these are done by largely sort of a radical-leaning, leading left people, the reports, but it is what it is. And the good thing is they don't try to come in. It makes it a lot easier because they know it's going to be very hard to come in. Now we take people in, but they have to come in legally. We want people to come in, but they have to come in legally. But I say, 'Let's talk about the border, sir.' Nobody cares about the border. I said, 'I won the election on the border. Let's talk about the border.' 'Sir, I'm telling you, nobody cares, Ron. Nobody cares about the border. You fixed the border.' 'I want to brag about it.' 'Sir, they want to hear about other things, like fertilizer.' And we'll take care of fertilizer too. You know, when I also came in, eggs were like the highest. And remember this, I inherited all these high prices. They came in and they said, 'Affordability.' They made up the word, because that's the only thing they're good at, although I'm good at making up words too. They go, 'Affordability.' I was there one day and I said to our great Secretary of Agriculture, 'What's with the egg prices?' So on my second day, I gave a news conference, which is more news conferences than Biden gave in like six months. But in my - he almost did. He didn't do it. Yeah, Sleepy Joe was not heavy into news conferences, all right. He'd take one question, he'd go, 'Oh, let's see, let's see, Jim Smith from NBC.' I don't do that, they just start screaming at me. But - so I had a news conference on my second day, and they said, 'What about eggs? What about eggs? Tell me about eggs.' I said, 'What's the story with eggs? Give me a little hint.' 'And what's with eggs?' They said, 'What's happening with eggs?' And I was told, you know, we have the great Easter Egg Hunt at the White House, and I was told to order plastic eggs. I said, 'I'm not ordering plastic eggs.' And I called this young lady right over here, Brooke Rollins, Secretary of Agriculture, and I said, 'Brooke, get the egg prices down please.' And she got them down. And by the way, speaking of Tom Tiffany is one of the best Congressmen in our country. And I was there, I don't know, seven, eight years ago right at the beginning. I endorsed this guy, I didn't know - I had no idea but I liked his last name. You know why? Because I bought the air rights many years ago of Tiffany and I made a lot of money. So I saw Tom Tiffany and I backed him. And he went like a rocket ship and he won, and you've kept winning, and now he's running for a thing called Governor. And you have - and you have - I don't want to knock him because he's finished after this, but you have a very sleepy Governor too, and you got a very sleepy - but I can tell you, Tom Tiffany is running for Governor, he's a winner and he's going to do a great job, okay? Right. Good luck, Tom. So in a single month we added 7,000 new manufacturing jobs and 17,000 new construction jobs, and we're building more plants than at any time in the history of our country. We have 18 trillion dollars coming into the United States. As an example, the previous administration in four years - think of this - had less, much less than one trillion come in. We have 18 trillion dollars from countries and people all over the world in 11 months, not even one year. So that's some difference. And I think that's probably why people are shocked to see the job numbers, because the construction jobs are through the roof. But when these plants, car plants and AI plants and all the different plants that were built, when they open up - you know, we're leading China by a lot. I just got back from China. I was with President Xi, who I respect, but we're leading China by a lot in the AI race, a very important race. And we're leading everybody now when it comes to cars. They're coming in from Germany, they're coming in from Japan, they're coming in from Canada. Canada is - treats you guys rough, you know. Canada, they put on big tariffs. We didn't meet them with tariffs. I took care of them in my first term really strongly, and I am now, but Canada's been very rough. Do you find them rough to deal with? Yes. Yeah, pretty rough to deal with. He's more of a diplomat than me. And we are doing well. The previous two months we were revised upward by nearly 100,000 jobs. They put the numbers too low. So actually we had 100,000 more jobs than they reported. They were obviously Democrats, right? Wages for workers continued to rise, and for manufacturing workers, wages are up more than 8% since I took office, which is close to a record. Think of that. Blue collar is doing better than it's ever done before. And your farmers, if you remember, we had a bad patch in my first term where China and other countries were sort of boycotting the United States. And I met with the farmers and I said, 'I'm going to get you something for it because you've been treated very badly.' And I got 28 million - 28 billion dollars for the farmers in the first term, remember? I just asked Ken whether or not he got it. He said, 'I did.' And we're looking at something also right now. We're looking at something to take the place of what's happened because it's artificial, what happened to you is artificial, with the energy and with the fertilizer. So we're looking at something. But in the first term I got the farmers 28 billion dollars, and I'll never forget, I was in the White House, I had about 35 farmers along this big beautiful table. Not as beautiful as this table. Okay. But this gorgeous beautiful White House table, all the best. And I said, 'I'm going to get you a subsidy.' And they looked at me, and he just said the same thing. One of them looked at me, stood up and said, 'Sir, we don't want subsidy. We just want an even playing field.' I said, 'Nobody ever said that to me!' All they want is money. Do you understand that? First time. Nobody ever said that - I've had so many meetings with different groups, different industries. If I said I'm going to get you 28 billion dollars, they say, 'Oh, get it as fast -'. They actually said, 'We don't want it.' Now, I got it for you anyway. I didn't notice anybody turning it down, but I got it. But they said something that no other group said, Ron. They said, 'We don't want a subsidy. We just want a - just an even playing field, fair trade. They just wanted to be treated fairly.' And nobody else has said that but the farmers. So we love you - we love you guys. So we're building more factories now than at any time, and we've also had huge drops and - and I'll tell you this is something that's amazing. African American unemployment is now doing better than it's ever done. And I don't know where that stat came from, but I'll take it. I don't know where the hell that stat came from, but we'll take it. And a short time ago, we were a dead country. We were dead as a doornail. If you look - go back two years - we were a laughingstock all over the world. We had a president that couldn't walk up a flight of stairs. He couldn't walk down a flight of stairs either, you know. And we had everybody - we were a laughingstock all over the world. And I was with the King of Saudi Arabia because I wanted him to invest trillions of dollars into our country. Look at that whole situation now, too. It's very interesting. But he was good and he said to me, 'You know, President, it's amazing. A year ago, year and a half ago, we thought you were a dead country. And now you're the hottest country anywhere in the world.' And we are. We're the strongest, we're the hottest, and we're the most respected country anywhere in the world. So as I said, the stock market just hit 73 all-time records in a short period of time. We've had 73 all-time record highs. And your 401(k)s. Who has a 401(k) here? Let me just see. A lot. Your 401(k)s, as you know, just hit a record high, so that's everybody. And we're just off a very big success in Washington D.C. We had - it doesn't sound like much - but Washington D.C. was not properly managed or kept. We had 22 fountains. None of them worked for the last 50 years. None of them. They were graffiti-strewn. I did it the inexpensive way. Why should we have a screen? Everybody here has good vision. I want to show you something. Look at this. I'm going to show you the cheap way, okay? We don't want to bring screens, it costs too much money. Look at that. That's before and after. Look at that. Look at that. Can anybody see that? That's before - that's our nation's capital. That's what it - look at this graffiti all over it. Filthy, disgusting stone. The stone was all horrible. And look over there, that's before and after. Then we had the reflecting pond. 2,500 feet, massive. Longer than a building. We have - we have a stat here that's sort of great. Can you guys see this okay? Because I - I'm too cheap to put up like a projector. Look. So that's the pond. If it were standing up, here's your Sears Tower, Empire State Building, World Trade Center. Look. It's double and triple the size in terms of area. So it would have cost 400 million dollars, Ron, to fix. It would have taken four years. And they were getting ready. Doug Burgum's done an amazing job. And I said, you know, rather than doing that - they were going to put stone down, big stone, granite, wonderful, but it all leaks because you have joints. So being a very good builder, I said, 'You know what? I built a lot of swimming pools, many, many swimming pools. Every time I do a development, I do swimming pools. I know more about swimming pools.' I said, 'Why can't we put the wonderful material which is thick, pasty, beautiful, like rubber, but industrial strength? Why can't we use it? And let's pick the color blue from the American flag,' which is what we did. And that is the most beautiful thing that you've ever seen. And look at that. I mean, look at that. It just opened yesterday. Just uh - we just opened it. So it was going to take four years, 400 million. It took really about a month. Okay. It was going - can you imagine Washington between Lincoln - think of Washington D.C. between the Lincoln Memorial and the Washington - I mean, think - just think about this. You know that beautiful spire in honor of the great George Washington and the beautiful Lincoln Memorial. So between there, thousands of feet long, it was built in 1922 and to be honest, it never really worked. It leaked like a sieve because it was stone and concrete. So I took over the project. Now, Barack Hussein Obama - have you heard of him? Barack Hussein. Barack Hussein Obama spent - and Joe Biden, Sleepy Joe, they spent a total of about 150 million dollars trying to fix it. They never got it open. It never worked. It was terrible, disgusting. It was garbage-ridden. And I sent my pool guy. I said, 'Take a look at it.' And he said, 'Well, sir, we can do it. We'll get industrial strength.' And I used some guys - not him - I used some guys, but he gave me some good ideas because he's a pro. You know, they got very upset when I sent my pool person. I said, 'Who else am I going to send?' So I sent him over and we sprayed it and put down beautiful like a pool coating. It'll last maybe 50 to 100 years. So here's the thing: 400 million versus like 10 million. Four years - four years versus a month. Can you imagine? Can you imagine? And the difference is, look, here's your Lincoln Memorial. You have the Washington Monument and the Lincoln Memorial. Look at that, beautiful. Look at how that reflects, it's like a mirror of beautiful clean water. They had like garbage. Barack Obama wanted to save money so he took the water out of the Potomac. That didn't work out too well. A lot of things were coming out of that river into this pond. It wasn't good. So we just - think of it. So like a month of this work. We actually added to it, we did the sidewalks because once we did this, we had to do the rest because it looked so good. But think of it: 400 million versus like 10 million bucks. For a better job. Four years versus a month for a better job. We have many things like that. I talk about that all the time. We do a lot of things like that. So we're very proud of Washington. We had 22 fountains that didn't work. All of the fountains, not one fountain in Washington worked. Out of the 22 fountains, they're all looking beautiful just like the one I showed you. And now they're clean, they're beautiful, there's no graffiti. Washington D.C. is a safe city. It was a very unsafe city a year and a half ago. And a very unsafe city. Your - your child would go to see the Jefferson Memorial or the Washington or the Lincoln or any of them and would oftentimes not come back. It was a horrible place. It was horrible what was happening. And we put our great military in there and we did a job. We removed 5,000 people that were career criminals. 2% of the people - think of this - 2% of the people, did you know this, Ron? Create 91% of the crime. And I love that statistic because you can get rid of 2%. And we took them out, we brought them back to where they came from. They came in - many of them came in through Sleepy Joe's open border policy, one of the craziest policies I've ever heard. So we saved a lot of money and you go to Washington D.C. New grass! People say they don't even recognize it. We did that all in a little bit more than a year and uh - even I said, I mean, it's amazing. But maybe the biggest thing is we don't have - it's considered now a very, very safe city. And you can go there and you're going to be 100% perfect. We had the restaurants were all closing and now they're opening up. They don't have enough restaurants anymore, so it's a - it's a beautiful thing to see. Every day my administration is fighting to protect and defend the jobs and livelihood of our great farmers. I love our farmers, our growers, agricultural producers, ranchers from coast to coast. Under the last administration, Biden and the radical left Democrats in Congress crushed farmers with brutal restrictions, crippled you with the worst inflation. So the Biden administration had the worst inflation in the history of our country. They say 49 years, 48 years. But uh, whether you say 48 or or forever, I think it was forever. We had the worst inflation we've ever had, and uh - think of that - and failed to negotiate even a single new trade deal for our farmers. They didn't negotiate one new trade deal for our farmers. I just made a great deal. I came back from President Xi and he's buying billions and billions of dollars worth of soybeans and other things, and you're seeing that starting to kick in. Thank you. So by contrast, in my first year back in the Oval Office, average farm incomes for agricultural producers in our country have skyrocketed by more than 20%. Now, it's been over the last couple of months since we went in for the military operation. You've seen fertilizer go up and you've seen energy go up. It's going to come down to - to where it was or lower. You'll be very happy. Otherwise Ken is going to call me, he's going to ball me out and I'll say, 'I'm sorry - sorry Ken, I was only kidding, right?' Gonna. All right, he knows I'm going to do it. With Republicans in Congress like Tom Tiffany, like Derek Van Orden - where's Derek? Where's Derek? Derek. This guy is - he fights like hell. He's in a little bit of a community that tends to be on slightly a little bit more than we want in left, but he loves them all and he's very popular and he's going to win by a lot. You're doing well. I understand you're really doing well, so thank you, Derek. And he's a real fighter and he's a great guy. We've been friends right from the - all of us, we've been friends right from the beginning. So we passed the largest tax cuts in American history with a great big beautiful bill. We made the small business tax deduction permanent, benefiting 98% of the farmers and ranchers. We gave you 100% expensing and bonus depreciation, so when you buy a new tractor or anything else you buy, you're allowed to deduct it. Do you buy any new tractors? Got a lot of nice tractors back - got a lot of tractors back there by the way. But so you can deduct it and the full cost of the tractors: one year. Any equipment: one year. All - you can deduct it all in the first year instead of over a period of many, many years. And we also saved the two million dollar - thank you very much. That's a big deal actually. We also saved the two million dollar American farms from think of that - from extinction by ending what we did is we got rid of the estate tax or the death tax. So if you love your child - if you love your child. If you don't love your child, then don't worry about it, it doesn't make any difference. Does anybody not love your child in the audience? No, but if you have a farm like this, someday it's going to come the time, right? And I met your boys and he loves his boys. I know that because he started clapping for that last statement about no death tax and he was clapping. He didn't clap for anything else, that's the only - that means you love your boys. So boys, I just found out your father loves you. But think of it. We were - and I was seeing this in my first term. We we did it my first term, we did it now, we extended it out. So you have no estate tax or no we call it the death tax on a farm or a small business. Now, I saw it myself. You have a way of life that sometimes you're land-rich and cash-poor, sometimes you're lots of different conditions. But people that are on farms love being on farms. You wouldn't trade my life, you wouldn't want my life, believe me you don't want it. Your life is much better than my life. I will tell you, your ear wasn't a little pierced over here, you didn't get pierced. You have a nice, safe, beautiful life. But I've seen it with farmers maybe more than any industry. People want to have their - it's a way of life and they love - they love the life on the farm. And the family would leave, the father would die, the mother would die, leave it to the kids. The kids would have a big estate tax problem or death tax problem. They'd go to the bank, they'd borrow a lot of money, more money than they should have borrowed, and they'd lose the farm in many cases. I have to say, they do terrible things, they commit suicide, these things that we - we have done, and Tom Tiffany, I have to say you were so helpful and Derek what the job you've done with me and uh, helping to get it passed. And let me tell you that man is a senator. He loves the farmers and he loves your state. And uh, he doesn't care about anything else. He wants to make sure you get treated fairly. And uh, there's no better - you have no better advocate than Ron - Ron Johnson. So thank you, Mr. Senator. And he'll be a hell of a governor. I know that guy, he'll drive you crazy. He'll be calling me, 'President, you got to send more money to Wisconsin.' Leave me alone, all right? He'll do well too. Thank you. As president I fought for the American farmer like no one has ever fought before. Nobody - it's like I'm up here today. I don't need this, I got elected. I don't have - what the hell do I have to be here for? I got elected. I'm here because I like the farmer. I mean when you think about it, I guess there's a lot of truth to that, right? I could be home right now in the beautiful White House enjoying watching somebody else on television talking. On day one I terminated the insane electrical electric vehicle mandate. They wanted your tractors to be all electric. They wanted your cars to be all electric. And you know, look, Elon - he had a bad moment but now he's a friend of mine again. He had a very bad moment. He's 80% brilliant and 20% he's got little bad moments. But I love electric cars, but you know what? Not everybody wants them and not everybody in terms of distance and lots of other things. And I think they're great, but I also want to see all gasoline, I want to see the hybrids, which are great. I want you to do anything. And they wanted your tractors, you know, they wanted the tractors to be turned into all electric. And that didn't even sound good to me, right? That didn't even sound good to me. And it wouldn't have worked for very long. You would have had to stop every 15 minutes to get a new charge. How would it be if you're driving your tractor along, everything's wonderful, and then Ken - he wants to work - he goes, 'Oh man, I got to go get a new charge every 10 - every 10 minutes.' That's not too good, right? Wouldn't work. You'd rather be able to operate it for about four days before you fill it up, right? So anyway, so we solved that problem. We ended the electric mandate, okay? And on day one... and one of the other reasons this would have gutted the uh ethanol industry. Do we have fans here of the ethanol industry? Because if they got in, they will end the ethanol industry in one swoop, so you better remember that. And we eliminated all unnecessary restrictions on sales of E15, and I've made it clear that we're going to go E15 all year round. And I think it's something that you want, right? Is that what you like that? Are you happy with that? Are you happy? Absolutely. So they put a lot of these guys, that's all they talked about, E15, they were driving me crazy. They call me, 'Let - can we talk about E15? How about something else, right?' Tom Tiffany would call, 'Can we talk about E15?' But anyway, but you got your wish, fellas, okay? And we massively expanded crop insurance and issued a historic 12 billion dollars in farm relief. So it's 12 billion, but it was 28 billion in my first - we're looking at that right now about increasing it. And to stop major equipment manufacturers from restricting you from fixing your own farm equipment, we gave you the right to repair. Do you like it? The right to repair. It was a little strange. I mean, some of you are better mechanics than the people at John Deere and - we love John Deere, Mr. May of John Deere - but uh, they wanted to, you know, your tractor's broken down, I'll bet you can fix a tractor as well as about anybody, right? I can look at this guy. I guarantee uh, if you were mandated - let's say you have a tractor that's broken and you know exactly how to fix it, you wouldn't be too happy about being mandated to bring the tractor back to John Deere or wherever you got it, right? You'd like to fix it. Not so much. I mean, they actually have - the Democrats - a restriction that if you get caught fixing your tractor, they bring you to jail. You know that? Do you know that I pardoned a man last week who was sentenced to seven years in jail because he got caught fixing his car or his truck? I said, I like to always say, 'What did he do?' 'Sir, he was fixing his truck.' I said, 'How long is he getting?' 'Seven years.' I said, 'Say it again!' It's the first time I've ever heard - like two weeks ago. I gave him a pardon because he had to go to jail because he was fixing his tractor or his truck. So I promise, Ken, if you ever get caught fixing your tractor or truck, I will give you a pardon, okay? No, but these are the crazy Democrats, that's what they want. I terminated the ridiculous so-called diesel exhaust fluid requirement. Does that mean anything to you guys? Big, right? Joe is happy, so I want to keep him happy just in case he gets violent. He's happy. And I repealed the Biden-era EPA ludicrous, just a crazy Waters of the United States rule. It sounds so nice. It's the worst rule that you've ever had. Waters of the - how could it be nice or what a beautiful title. It was like taking your land away from you. It was horrible, and I totally repealed it. And there are some people, you know, when I did that repeal, I had a lot of farmers and contractors, builders, house builders, in my office and I - I announced the repeal in front of them, I signed it. And these are tough guys, in fact they look like him, just smaller. And who isn't smaller, right? I think everybody's smaller. But no, they look - they look like Joe and they were crying. Half of them were crying, you remember that? Half of them were crying. I said, 'Why are you crying? What's the big deal?' He said, 'You gave us back our life.' They actually had their life taken away. They couldn't touch their land. If they even touched it, they were in violation, they they also would go to jail. That was the crazy environmental nonsense that we're all putting up with, which has largely ended. Perhaps most importantly, with our historic trade deals, I've dramatically expanded exports of American meat, poultry, soybeans, biofuels, and of course, Wisconsin dairy, the best, right? And and I just see that dairy exports have surged nearly 1.2 billion dollars under our leadership and just in - and this is with a conflict going on. Remember what I said, Ken, when this conflict ends, you're going to see things that you've never seen before because we are ready to rock. We've never been - we've never had this kind of investment coming into our country. Nobody else has either. Nobody has ever had anywhere near - not even near, including China - nobody's had this kind of investment coming into a country. So increasing 41% to Japan - you've increased your sales 41% to Japan, 48% to the Middle East, 61% to European Union, 63% to South Asia, and 85% to Australia. So you're doing pretty well. You're going to see it and you're going to see it a lot better in about three months from now. I also signed something that you may or may not like, I don't know. It sounded good to me, it didn't sound very bad to me, but people love it. I also signed the Whole Milk for Healthy Kids Act. Do you know what that means? You know. That was - that was another one. I had a big signing at the White House. We had some people that have been fighting for that for years. I said - I called Ron. I said, 'Ron, what's to fight for?' I mean, it just sounds good. And it's just better, it's healthy, I like it. I drank it. I don't know, it gets harder to get it. Now we have it. So that you know is totally opened up now for the kids and it's great for anybody. And now we're working with Congress to quickly pass the new farm bill, which we're very well into. We got some great approvals, the hardest approvals, and I think we're very well on our way to getting the farm bill finished and approved. And just to finish up, with the help of the farmers like those here today, we're also helping bring down grocery prices for hardworking Americans, and they're coming down very rapidly. Remember, I inherited these prices. I didn't start - my prices were great. They rigged the election when I - the election was totally rigged. It was a rigged election just like they're rigging the election right now, it looks like in California. Can you imagine? It's four days and they still aren't even close to telling you who won. You know why? Because they're rigging the election, that's why. Four days! You know in Spain, they had an election. I'm not a big fan of Spain, to be honest with you, it's gone very far left. But they had an election. All the votes were in, similar size to the state of California, a little larger actually, and every vote was in by 10:00 in the evening and counted. You - they're going to be waiting weeks to get these votes. It's corrupt. Somebody said it's incompetent. I said, 'No, just the opposite. It's unbelievably competent if you happen to be a Democrat politician because with their policies, the only way they can get elected is to cheat.' And when you look at an election, not even relatively a big election, for one state, for one city, for Los Angeles, they're nowhere close to counting the votes. But you look at what's happening. It's getting tighter and tighter and tighter, and the people that were supposed to win - bad things are happening. It's a crooked state. We have crooked third-world elections in a lot of our states and we should pass our Save America Act. Amazing. And that'll - and that'll really stop it too. That'll stop it. You know, that's where you have voter ID, it's where you have birth of, you know, your citizenship. You have to prove your citizenship. I think that sounds good. And uh also, you know, I added a couple in there. Also the the ballots, the voting, the mail-in ballots - so crooked. They send millions of ballots out all over the place. If you're a Democrat, sometimes you get six or seven. If you're a Republican, you have to call up, 'Where are my ballots?' It's such a crooked deal with third-world country. But I added two things: no men playing in women's sports. And this is like best of: no transgender mutilation surgery on your child, on your child. None. So we added them. So we inherited very high costs, and we're getting them down. They're coming down very rapidly. And when fuel comes down, they're really going to come down. And I just want to say, it's an honor to be here. We have Senator Ron Johnson, we have Congressman Tom Tiffany, we have Congressman Derek Van Orden, we have Hall of Fame offensive lineman Joe Thomas. Oh, that's - look at the size of this guy. Good boy, boy. So you're Hall of Fame. Did anybody get by you? No. He's a good - he's a good-looking man. That's great, Joe. It's great to know you, really good, great career too. I know who you are. Former President of Leinenkugel Brewing Company, Jake Leinenkugel. Thank you, Jake. The owner here of Custer Farms, and he's a great guy. I think I can almost call him a friend. We had a great time back there, and a wonderful family. Ken, thank you very much. And a fantastic dairy farmer, Jamie Witcpalek. Where is Jamie? Jamie, hi Jamie. Thank you. And finally, two-time gold medal winner in speed skating in this year's Winter Olympics, Jordan Stolz. Where the hell is - whoa! Oh, that's pretty good. Whoa! Stand up. Stand up. Yeah! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! USA! I'm keeping it. I'm keeping it, Jordan. I'm not giving it back. I'm a very good guy for keeping gold. I like gold. I'm going to - I'm never giving this back. Congratulations. I forgot to touch his leg. I didn't want to do that. But I - I can tell you one thing, his leg is like a rock. That's fantastic. Two gold medals. Wow, that's big stuff. Thank you, it's an honor. And speaking for my other athlete up here, I think that's pretty good, right? Two. And you go through big competition with a lot of great athletes, right? Are you going to be doing it again, another Olympics?

[85:50] Jordan Stolz:
Yeah. I plan to be doing it until 2030, as long as I can. Until Salt Lake City in 2034. So that'll be on home soil.

[86:16] Donald J. Trump:
Well, we're going to be watching, okay? You could do it again. Great. So if uh, we'll go in order if I can and we'll start with Brooke Rollins, and go to Ron Johnson, and Tom Tiffany, and Derek, and Joe Thomas - would love to have you say a few words because you could tell us about real tough life and it's tough in those pits, right? Pretty nasty people in there. You meet some large nasty people, but you can handle it. And Jake, we're going to ask you to say a few words if you would. And Ken and uh we'll go pretty quickly because I have to get back to fighting a war in Iran. There's a hell of a speakers list, we might be here all night. Yeah, if we can, fellas, I got to get back to a place called Washington and protect you, okay? So if you go very quickly, we don't need your life story other than I like the Olympic guy and I like this guy right over here. And Jordan Stolz would like to have you say a couple of words too, okay? Hey Jordan, why don't you start? Go ahead.

[86:50] Jordan Stolz:
Well, first I want to thank you to all the farmers who are here and uh, I don't think people really understand how much you guys make a difference in the country. I mean, you guys are the backbone of the nation, and for me myself personally, I try and eat as clean as possible and uh, you know, a lot of steak, a lot of dairy and uh, you know, you guys are the backbone of Wisconsin so I just want to say thank you to all the farmers and everybody who could make it here today and of course to the President.

[87:16] Donald J. Trump:
That's a winner. Tough to win like that, you know. It's a very tough when you're dealing with fractions of a second, that's a tough - that's a tough thing to do. Congratulations. Secretary, if you would, go quickly.

[87:33] Brooke Rollins:
Thank you. Very quickly, how about a big thank you to God for the rain and the farmers and for President Donald J. Trump? President Trump mentioned that when he came back into office, we inherited an almost 50 billion dollar agricultural trade deficit. Meaning under Sleepy Joe Biden, not one new trade deal was struck and we lost 50 billion dollars of market access around the world for you, our great farmers. But in just a little over one year, 19 new trade deals have been struck. The markets have opened around the world. We are going to break every record for dairy, for tree nuts, for corn, for ethanol as we move the American farmer's product, the best in the world, back out to the rest of the world while at the same time inheriting inputs that had never been so high in the history of our country. Whether that was fuel, fertilizer, labor, interest rates, seed - one after the other. And those numbers all were coming down significantly and as the President promised, will soon come down very soon again. Sir, there is no better American than the most American of all Americans and that is our great American farmer. God bless you. Thank you so much, sir.

[89:08] Donald J. Trump:
Ron Johnson, please.

[89:09] Ron Johnson:
Mr. President, welcome to Wisconsin again. You certainly have paid a lot of attention to our state and we truly appreciate it. Um, yeah, like you, I met with these great farmers backstage. And and you you nailed it: they love farming. This right now is a third-generation farm, hopefully pass on to fourth. But they face numerous challenges. But what I thought was very common in all the comments speaking to me is they realize that you are going to fight for them. You have turned the Republican party into the party of the working men and country - men and women of this country who have made this country great and who will continue to make it great and they recognize that. So they - they know the big mess that the Democrats left for you. They they realize you don't turn those messes around and fix them right away, but they know you are absolutely dedicated to it and they love you for it. So God bless you.

[90:12] Donald J. Trump:
So your next Governor, hopefully your next Governor, Tom Tiffany. Please Tom.

[90:19] Tom Tiffany:
Mr. President, where we sit here today, I grew up about 30 miles from here on a dairy farm milking cows with my brothers and sisters. I want to thank you for signing that bill, Whole Milk for Healthy Kids. There's no reason kids can't have whole milk in our schools. Thank you very much for that. And I also want to thank you and I want to thank the Secretary of Agriculture because you've stood up for forestry. We are now once again managing our forests here in America that have been left in decline for three decades. You are doing good things on that front. And the final thing that I want to say to you: that gentleman to your right was the impetus six years ago when I came into the Congress of the United States showing what a disaster it was to convert our beautiful productive farmland in Wisconsin and across America into intermittent sources of power like wind and solar. He was the impetus behind me talking to you - remember July 2nd last year when we had that meeting in the White House? This is what we talked about and it has led to higher utility rates and it has led to the destruction of our farmland. We're not going to allow that to happen here in the state of Wisconsin.

[91:43] Donald J. Trump:
He's right about that. He's right about that. Derek, please.

[91:47] Derek Van Orden:
Mr. President, uh yesterday we got to spend about an hour and a half in the Oval Office and you announced the 50 million dollars that you are sending to the state of Wisconsin for clean beautiful coal. Thank you for that. Mr. President, you signed a 50 billion dollar rural healthcare infrastructure bill. Of that, over 200 million dollars is coming to the state of Wisconsin to make sure that we have healthcare in our rural areas. Thank you for that, sir. You signed Whole Milk for Healthy Kids into law, sir. You just reopened every single domestic market in our schools and that is amazing for the MAHA movement, for our kids, and for our dairy farmers. Thank you for that, sir. Last thing, E15. We were bugging you, you and this is a thing about the President you don't know: you call him, he answers the phone. And he understands these issues inside and out. So when he was sort of joking about us talking about E15, sir, you took that on board hard. The only reason that E15 year-round got through the Congress is because of Donald J. Trump and that did so much for our row croppers, sir. Thank you very much and welcome back to your second home.

[93:13] Donald J. Trump:
So Joe, great great football player. I would tell you one of the one of the truly greats, Hall of Famer. Thank you.

[93:20] Joe Thomas:
Thanks, Mr. President. Uh, Joe Thomas, Hall of Fame Farms, Muskego, Wisconsin. You should come visit, it's beautiful. Uh, I got to pump Secretary Rollins's tires a little bit for the small processors' action plan because as a farm-to-table beef producer like myself, we see one of the biggest bottlenecks in our country is the lack of small packing and processing plants. For people like me that are trying to raise farm-to-table beef, Wagyu and Angus, and be able to feed our community. And she's doing great work with that new mission to be able to help us be able to feed our communities and not have to rely on trying to get into the big four packers which is all often impossible and leads to higher costs for the customer and less money and revenue for the farmer and the producer. So thank you very much, Mr. President, and thank you Secretary Rollins for all the work you're doing for us small beef producers. On Wisconsin.

[94:15] Donald J. Trump:
So Joe, he played a long time in the NFL, he's a Hall of Famer. Who is the greatest quarterback you've ever seen?

[94:25] Joe Thomas:
Oh, that's a tough one. Is anybody listening here? Because uh Brady and Manning were pretty good and I - I'd have a hard time picking between either one of those guys.

[94:33] Donald J. Trump:
Okay. And who was the greatest running back you've ever seen?

[94:36] Joe Thomas:
I never got to see them in person, but Jim Brown or Barry Sanders are my two.

[94:45] Donald J. Trump:
Okay, good. For football fans, you know, got to keep it. That's good. Thank you very much. Uh, please Jake, thank you very much.

[94:50] Jake Leinenkugel:
Mr. Mr. President, thank you very much for coming to Wisconsin as we all said. I want to just say without the American farmers, we as a company would not be able to brew beer. In fact, out of all the thousands of breweries across America, you supply the most important ingredients here in the USA: barley, malt, wheat, and we use some corn. But thank you all and really appreciate uh the time, Mr. President. Thank you bunch.

[95:31] Donald J. Trump:
Thank you, Joe. Thank you. Ken, please.

[95:35] Ken Kuster:
First off, Mr. President, it's an honor and a blessing to have you here. We are uh... there isn't - the the sound on the roof is a blessing. We American farmers uh risk a lot and count on God's blessing. And our forefathers in this country understood that. That's what makes us great, is God's blessing. And I - I thank you for being who you are, the integrity that you hold doing what you say you're going to do. You make the right decisions for America. They aren't popular. Thank you. And we as farmers have lost, as Secretary Rollins talked, a tremendous amount of our trade and uh that's all we need is uh we can compete with anybody in the world. We need - we need fair trade.

[96:35] Donald J. Trump:
Yep, we lost a lot during that last administration. We're bringing it back. We're bringing it back. Jamie, please. Please. Thank you.

[96:49] Jamie Witcpalek:
Thank you, Mr. President. So I want to say as a dairy farmer and a mom - I don't know why it's doing that. Go back a little bit more? Yeah. As a dairy farmer and a mom, I see how important it is for these policies to be put in place, not only for the families that are growing the food, but for the people who are consuming it every day. I was so excited to witness the signing of the Whole Milk for Healthy Kids Act. I didn't even know what to think because in reality it was common sense to me why we don't have those options for our children in the schools. Whole milk provides essential nutrients that our kids need for bone growth, muscle growth, and brain development. So I was really excited to be part of that. And as our dad always said, drink milk, it does a body good. That still stands true to this day. So thank you, President Trump, and Senator Ron Johnson.

[97:57] Donald J. Trump:
Thank you, Jamie. Thank you. And Steve.

[97:59] Steve:
First of all, thank you for coming to Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin and hearing us out here. Really appreciate that. And as I sit here and represent uh the farmers of this state and the farmers of America, I think we've all experienced some tough times here in the last four or five years. And and listening to what you guys are saying, I'm very hopeful for some better times coming. And you know, some of the stuff that we see and talk about that that really affects us is the monopolization of the the the inputs. You know, there's at this point there's four seed and chemical companies in the country that that control 78% of that, three fertilizers control 90% of the market, and four beef companies control 85% of the beef market. That makes it really tough for us when um when things are good, you know, our our inputs just rise with the commodity prices. So we'd like some help on that. On another note, uh the big beautiful bill is a real win for us and we really appreciate what you've done with that. It's lowered our tax rates, it's it's um given us the ability to pass these farms on to to the next generation. Um you strengthened the crop insurance. Um you know I I think that that all that stuff and another thing that I want to mention is the border deal. We we feel really blessed to have the control you put in place on the border. Um other than that I think you've done a great job. I'd like to add one more thing. We're in the pipeline construction business and uh I was sharing with Secretary Rollins there that, you know, we were an 8,000-person company under your first administration and we've went down to 12 to 1500 people now and it's just starting its way back up and we're in the middle of negotiations on a big project in Alaska called Glenn Farn that I think you're very aware of. Um and we're in the final stretches of that so I know that's not farm-related, but if there's any help we could get out of you guys for for that, um I think that's a real big piece for our energy security of this country and and um that's all I have. Thank you.

[100:30] Donald J. Trump:
Much - we'll take - we'll take care of it. You alright? Anybody else? I've asked her just to be a very brief word of closing. Would you like to say something, fellas? A couple of other people? Kenny Hawkins? Uh, thank you, thank you very much for like he said, the one big beautiful bill act, that was those tax credits, the the uh a lot of the stuff that supports the American agriculture through the um trade side as well. Um we've got um fair trade has been a challenge in America lately and we need to get what we deserve for our products. And uh I I thank you for putting in the effort and doing the work and getting you know, we'd rather have fair trade than than the subsidies like uh previously mentioned. E15, some of that stuff's great. Energy independence. Um on our farm we actually have a co-digester where we take food waste and uh the cow manure and make methane. And I think um some of that can also help increase local um energy independence and uh keep some of our food that we all work so hard to produce from going in the landfills. So thank you, thank you very much, and thank you for being frugal with our tax dollars on repairing Washington. That's right. Thank you. Joe, talk, thank you. So I just want to thank everybody. This was uh great. You're amazing people. You built this country. You built the country. We have all the complainers, all the people they talk, talk, talk, they don't do anything. You're the ones that made America great and uh we're making it greater than ever before. We have Make America Great Again but we're now making it greater than ever before. So I just want to thank you all, it's an honor to be with you. We're straightening out a little unfinished business in Iran and a couple of other places. Uh tremendous success that we had in Venezuela as you know and we're doing amazing oil business there right now and it's been incredible. But I just want to thank everybody for being here special and I want to thank you uh really for your support. We won in a landslide and uh I just want to thank you for your support. Thank you all and Ken thank you very much.