======================================================================
Transcript: President Trump Signs Executive Orders, Jun. 3, 2026 2026-06-03 20:18
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4EUzlV7-Dew
Upload date: 2026-06-03
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Event metadata:
  Type: other
  Event time: 2026-06-03T19:50:46+00:00
======================================================================
[00:00] President Donald Trump:
...the highest stock market in history with a military conflict going on or a war. Some people call it war, some people call it a military, it's not a big thing for us. We have a great military, it's not a big thing for us. But if I didn't do that, I spoke to people like Peter, great financial people, Scott and Howard and lots of others. I said, you know, we just hit the greatest stock market in history. Everyone's 401(k)s are the highest they've ever been. Everybody's making a lot of money. Costs are coming down, you know we took over the highest costs and the highest inflation in the history of our country. Costs are coming down. Everything's good and I hate to tell you this but we've got to take a little detour and go down to a place called the Islamic Republic of Iran and we're going to have to stop them from having a nuclear weapon. That's what we've done. And they've agreed to that. By the way, they, I mean if they sign the agreement, they will have agreed to, we will not have a nuclear weapon or bomb. We will not develop one, we will not buy one. You know originally it was we will not develop. I said what about if they buy? That went into a two week negotiation but in the end we got that. Now, we got it if they sign the paper. In theory they're pretty close to signing the paper. We've actually gotten along with them very well and you know what you saw for the last few nights, it takes two to tango, you understand that. We hit them very hard on something else unrelated and so they were responding but and not, you know, not very strongly. As far as birthday is as far as wishes I want to just, you know we have a phrase, I think it goes down I would think in the history of our country, maybe the history of the world as the greatest slogan or phrase ever. Make America Great Again, that's all I want. I want to Make America Great Again. I think we've come a long way. I think we're the most respected country in the world right now, by far the most respected. President Xi told me, I was talking about, he's a friend of mine, he's a good man. I hate to say it because the press goes and they say, oh he called him a good man, he is a good, he's for China, I'm for the USA, you know, it's like one of those things. But we do very well now with China. When I came here we didn't, were not doing well with China. My first term, when I inherited that, it was like what China was doing to us was incred-, I don't blame China, they took advantage of stupid people, really stupid people. So, we're doing great, but the phrase Make America Great Again, that's all I want. Very simple phrase to think of and I think it's the greatest in the history, I would say that's probably the greatest phrase in the history of the world, not only here. There's never been anything like it. Make America Great Again. That's what I've done. And we've made it great. In fact, in a way I want to use it because I would never give it up, MAGA, it's too good, it's too good, it's really is the Republican Party. That's why we're doing so well. That's why we, you know, if you look at the Republican Party from before I came till now, this is a much different party, it's a much bigger party, we have many, many more people and I think the thought, the mind, the thought is much different than it was ten years ago. And it's been amazing, a much more powerful party, much different party and a much more impactful party. Thank you very much.

[03:22] Reporter:
Mr. President, two questions on Iran. First, you said last week that the U.S. would go in and dig out the buried nuclear material in Fordow...

[03:29] President Donald Trump:
Yeah, with them.

[03:30] Reporter:
With them?

[03:31] President Donald Trump:
Right.

[03:32] Reporter:
Is that possible?

[03:34] President Donald Trump:
That's possible.

[03:35] Reporter:
Did Iran actually agree to that?

[03:39] President Donald Trump:
Well, it depends on what day you're talking about. They did agree and then sometimes they don't agree. Well, that's what I'm saying, that's one of the things we talk about. It's very overrated, I'm the one that overrated it. I thought to me it was important, to other people it's not important because those beautiful B-2 right there, the B-2 bombers, they obliterated, you know, when CNN said maybe it wasn't obliteration, they knew, I mean before the pilots even came back home, before anybody saw the site, but then the Atomic Energy Commission went there, said it was obliterated. That stuff is buried underneath a mountain that virtually collapsed, it's very, very hard to get it. But nevertheless I want to get it. We're the only ones, us and probably China are the only two countries that have the equipment where you can do that. So, yeah, I want to get it. We have, at different times, had different, I mean they've changed their mind a couple of times. But as it stands now we will go in at sometime in the not too distant future. It's very safe down there, you know we have, with Space Force, we have cameras, every angle of that, of those three sites are being watched at all times. If anybody went there we'll see exactly what's happening and we'll blow it up a little bit further. But as far as getting it is very, the B-2 bombers did a job like nobody's ever seen. In the night with no moon, dead darkness, at 1:00 in the morning or so, they dropped those bombs, the biggest just about as big a bomb as you're going to ever find and it hit, it went down air shafts. It's hard to believe that they can do the technology, it followed a beam right into the air shafts, right exploded. Very hard to get that material but I still nevertheless want it and I don't want to do it if we're in conflict, I don't want to put men in that kind of danger. I remember Jimmy Carter had some bad problems in Iran with the hostages, I don't want to ever put our people in that kind of danger. But when it's over, it as of this moment it's agreed that we will go in with them, we will get it and we will destroy it. It will be destroyed.

[05:47] Reporter:
And for my second question, is it possible to get to a deal with Iran, whether to go in and do that or to open up the Strait of Hormuz, without seeing an Israeli cessation of their hostilities in Lebanon?

[06:03] President Donald Trump:
I think it would, we're trying to separate it. I mean, look, it's a very different kind of a thing. We actually spoke with Hezbollah for the first time ever. We didn't know they spoke. And they agreed yesterday, they're not going to shoot, Israel's not going to shoot. We're just going to see, but I'd like to separate it, I'd like to have it a separate thing because it is, it is separate. But Israel, hey look they've been a great partner, Bibi Netanyahu's been for me a great partner. For other people not so good, for me he's been very good. We were very effective what we've done and they needed us, they couldn't have done it without us, couldn't have even come close, but and they needed us and they got us to help them with a real problem because Iran was a real problem, a big problem, a world-wide problem because they wouldn't have stopped with Israel. They would have blown up the Middle East and you saw that by the rockets, all those rockets that went to the five mostly for the most part the five countries outside of Israel. Those rockets were aimed there before we hit them with the B-2 bombers, they were going to blow up the Middle East. They were going to blow up Israel but they were going to blow up the Middle East and I stopped it. And I'm very proud I stopped it. And we also stopped it when I came in the first term when I terminated the Iran nuclear deal penned by Barack Hussein Obama. It was one of the dumbest deals I've ever seen. And this has no relation, I like these morons, these Dumocrats, D-U-M, Dumocrats, that go on television and say, oh well this is just like the Obama deal. This is the exact opposite. This is no path to a nuclear weapon. That was a absolute path to a nuclear weapon that you couldn't have done anything about. This is the exact opposite. They gave billions and billions of dollars to Iran including $1.7 billion put into a Boeing 757 with the seats taken out because there wasn't enough room if you left the seats, with $1.7 billion in cash taken from the banks in D.C., Maryland and Virginia and flown to Iran, 1.7 in green cash and then tens of billions of dollars given to Iran by our government. Frankly, they picked the wrong country but maybe we're going to be getting along with Iran. We're going to find out. You know there is a good possibility I think because without the bombing that wouldn't have worked, without the blockade, the blockade is the most powerful thing. I think the blockade maybe has more impact than the bombing has. But the blockade that we have, the naval blockade is incredible, not one ship has gotten through unless we wanted it to. And people respect it a lot and we'll see but you know there's a chance if this really worked out, they could rebuild, you know it used to be a very, very good nation. You go back, friends that used to old-timers that used to go there and they used to do well, they used to build in Iran, they built apartment houses and they built office buildings in Iran, hard to believe, right? But there's a chance that maybe that comes back but whether it comes back or not, I think we have a very powerful deal that we're negotiating and it's the exact opposite as the Obama deal, the Obama deal was a disgrace, it gave them a nuclear weapon, we do the exact thing, we under our deal they will never, ever have a nuclear weapon. One of the other things that happens, this is important but there's nothing more important than taking away the capability of a nuclear weapon from Iran. But one of the other things that's important and very important is that immediately upon signing the memorandum of understanding, the Hormuz Strait will open. And it'll open up quickly and we've already had our mine sweepers there, you know we're sweeping as you probably have heard and these are underwater mine sweepers, great amazing technology. They're underwater because usually when you're looking for mines that usually means you have some dangerous characters out there, that's why, so we're underwater but we've swept mines and we've gotten most of them we think. So, but the the Hormuz Strait will open immediately upon signing. Now, that's subject to a couple of areas being cleaned out also of mines which we don't think there are any. So it'll happen very quickly, we'll take the southern route anyway, but immediately upon signing we open up the Hormuz Strait.

[10:36] Reporter:
President Trump, just to clarify on what you were asked earlier, is the $1.8 billion DOJ fund dead or is it on hold?

[10:47] President Donald Trump:
It's, I'd have to ask the lawyers, I don't know. I know one thing, the weaponization, are you talking about the weaponization fund? The weaponization fund as far as I'm concerned was a beautiful thing. It was something I didn't make it but I was, I heard that, I thought that was the greatest thing because people like you have abused our people so badly. The fake news like CNN, like the New York Times and like others have abused our people. Wait a minute, be quiet. Have abused our people so badly and you should be ashamed of yourself, you too, you used to be a conservative, she was a conservative from Alabama, can you believe it? But CNN in particular CNN does such false reporting. But now they have new ownership so maybe it'll straighten it out. I doubt it, but it's hard to straighten garbage out. But CNN has abused and and others have abused so badly people. These are people that are great people that were destroyed, their families have been destroyed, many suicide, they committed suicide. People that went there to with love, they went there with love, you know when I made that speech early in the day, tremendous crowd, I hate to say it because they'll say oh I was wrong in the number but I believe it's the largest crowd I've ever spoken to by by twice. The biggest crowd I think, bigger than the inaugurations, bigger than anything and there was so much love and and friendship, it was the most amazing thing. People were crying, they were, wait a minute, let me finish, let me finish, let me finish and those people have been abused by you and by others and by the politicians, by the Dumocrats, the dumb people. They want to have open borders, they want to have transgender mutilation of your children, they want to have men playing in women's sports, they want to have high taxes, they turned down you know they fought us on the tax bill and they fought us because they want people to pay high taxes because they're crazy. There's something wrong with them, there's something wrong with you, it's a shame. Yeah, go ahead please.

[12:49] Reporter:
Thank you so much. On communism, today you had some stern words on communism on Truth.

[12:54] President Donald Trump:
I just wrote that. Did you like it? Did you think it was well written? Well I agree. Do you want to read it? Do you have it? You could read it on Truth. I just wrote it. I just felt, I've seen what's going on with communism and I see this country, read it. I'd love to have you. Thank you.

[13:11] Reporter:
Okay, you wrote that quote, 'Communists always do well with the voters, or as they would say, the people, in the early years. But in the end, the country, state or city goes to hell. Great violence proceeds at levels never seen before and the entity dissolves into poverty, squalor and crime. Remember, breathtaking popularity first and then guaranteed death and destruction.'

[13:34] President Donald Trump:
Well you see it happening with New York, you see it happening with Los Angeles and parts of California. And it's so easy, you know, I'd be the greatest in the world, nobody would be as good as me, I'd give away everything. I could be the greatest, I would sell them you're going to get free rent, you're going to get free houses, you're going to get free food, you're going to get free everything. But eventually that ends and it leads to death, destruction and squalor 100% of the time. When I watch New York and you know I liked him very much, he stood right here and he's been in the office a couple of times, the Mayor of New York. I think he's a very nice person but and I don't know he's a smart guy, I don't understand why he thinks it's okay for all these companies that pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes a year to leave because you're not going to have any tax base and you're going to end up in hunger and squalor and death and destruction. I would be better than him if I wanted to go that route. Ladies and gentlemen you no longer pay rent, you no longer have to pay interest on your mortgage, in fact I'll end your mortgage, I'm going to cut everything. You no longer going to have to pay for food, I'm going to give you a grocery store and I'm going to give you free food. You no longer going to have to, you're going to have the greatest life ever. Follow me, you're going to have the greatest life. And you know what, for a couple of years that's such a powerful message. I would be the best ever at giving, nobody would ever be, I had to sell free enterprise. Free enterprise is tougher to sell but that's what's made our country great and that's why it's great again now. If I didn't get elected we wouldn't have a country, we really wouldn't have a country, this country would be finished. But I see what's happening in Los Angeles, I see what's happening in New York where I see look at Chicago, you have a stupid governor, dums, a dumb governor, a really dumb guy, I know him well, he's a failure in his family, Pritzker. I know the family, I was partners in a deal with them, I made a lot of money, they made money, we made a good partnership but he was like an outcast in the family, he's a slob. And the mayor is a low IQ person, I mean she's a stupid person. Chicago, Chicago has a case, a real chance to become great again, there's a case great again. If we were allowed to do what we did in Washington or Memphis, you know I was with the Governor of Tennessee yesterday and he said I want to come in, he came in to thank me. I said for what? He said what you did for Memphis. Memphis, the crime is down about 72% and it's going down, he said it's like a different city. Washington is even more so. We started a little bit earlier. Washington you walk down the streets and people feel safe here again, it's a safe city. If I were, oh by the way, in Louisiana what I've done there is unbelievable because the Governor, Jeff Landry, called, he said you got to help me with New Orleans, we have a tremendous crime problem and I sent in our really talented people including National Guardsmen and they did an unbe-, they had the safest, they said they had the safe, we just ended about three weeks ago, they had the safest Mardi Gras they've ever had. I could do that in Chicago but you have to have the support of a governor, you can't have a slob that says you know we don't want it. People get murdered and he says it's fine, they lost five or six people last weekend and he said it's fine. We're not going to lose five or six people. And I would make Chicago so good and so safe, it's got potential. The longer it goes the harder it is to fix. And San Francisco we could do such a good job. My friend said please let the mayor, he's a liberal guy, nice guy I talk to him, he wants to make San Francisco good and he's trying very hard. I said look I can do it much faster than you. Please let me have a time, I spoke to the mayor and some very important people asked me to give him a chance because they'd like to see if he could do it. And he's doing okay but I could do it much faster, much better and we can remove, don't forget 2% of your people create 90% of your crime. That's a great number because 2% of the people you can take care of. If it was 90% of the people that's not so good, but 2%. In Washington, right here in D.C., we removed a close to 5,000 hardline criminals, many came in through the Biden open border. We removed them from Washington D.C. and it's one of the reasons that we're so safe now. We have a great beautiful place, again the fountains are almost all open, you're going to have the reflecting pool opened within hours, I mean literally within hours. The water starts pouring in tonight. It's going to be beautiful, you haven't seen that since 1922. Think of that, 1922 it hasn't worked. Never worked, from the day they built it it never worked but you're going to see that. And people are all thanking me because Washington's beautiful again. The parks are open, we changed the grass. You know grass has a life also, like people, grass has a life. And that grass hasn't been changed in 70, 80 years. It died many times over. We have beautiful grass, beautiful parks, beautiful everything, we don't have people living on it. And Washington D.C. in in a matter of 14 months, Washington D.C. is like a different place. The people are coming here, you know you the restaurants were all going out of business as you know because you use the restaurants and now the restaurants are hot as a, in fact if anything we don't have enough restaurant space. They're all reopening. It's it's become vibrant, it's a beautiful thing to watch and I am honored that I've been able to do it to our nation's capital. Thank you very much everybody.