======================================================================
Transcript: President Trump Participates in a Maternal Healthcare Event 2026-05-11 15:47
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_EA2nOvi3A
Upload date: 2026-05-11
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Event metadata:
  Type: other
  Location: Washington, District of Columbia, US
  Venue: Oval Office
  Event time: 2026-05-11T14:59:51+00:00
======================================================================
[00:00] President Trump:
It's very important to me and I had no idea it would be so hard to get, but we got it in total. We got it in full. It's called Right to Try. That if you're terminally ill, you have the right to try a drug that has not gotten even anywhere near final. If it shows even a little promise. And we've saved thousands of lives. It was very hard to get because the insurance companies didn't want it. The doctors didn't want it because the doctors didn't want to be blamed. Uh, the drug companies didn't want it because if it didn't work, they didn't want it on their record. So what we did is we said we're not going to count it on your record. If somebody's terminally ill and they take the drug it doesn't work, we're not going to count it on your record. We'll have another record, you know, a little smaller one that not a lot of people look at, but we're not going to count it on your record. So Right to Try is is been one of the great successes. Again, nobody talks about it. We've saved thousands of lives. Uh, but you know what is maybe even more important? We've learned very quickly that some drugs work and some drugs don't. In other words, some drugs take a person who's terminally ill and and there are numerous cases and without waiting seven years, ten years we, by the way, we think we've cut it in half, but but you do need a period of time. Without waiting many, many years, we know the drug works because we've taken people that were dead. We had a person given the last rites. God, the kids are crying and and started them on this drug and the person became better. It works, you know, and some don't work, but you learn really fast. It's sort of the ultimate test, I think, right? You know, the test all these things, they use animals all over the place. They use everything to test. People's a person's going to die. So they didn't want it because they didn't want to be sued for, you know, the drug companies didn't want to be sued if it didn't work. The country didn't want to be sued. So I got everybody into a room and I said, we're going to do this, but if anybody uses it, they have to sign a document. They sign a very strong document that they're not going to sue the doctor. They're not going to sue the country. They're not going to sue the manufacturer, the pharmaceutical company. They're not going to sue anybody, but we're going to give it a shot. It has been Right to Try has been so successful. It's been amazing. Nobody talks about it, but everyone knows how successful it is.

[02:18] Dr. Oz:
Mr. President, there was a young man that uh, we visited on, it was actually in Los Angeles who's taking advantage of this program. Katie actually spoke to him by phone, he's from Alabama uh, that he reached out to you directly and this is the same program that benefited him. And just to put numbers on it, the Council of Economic Advisers is between, you know, 530 million that you said and 700 billion dollars in savings. So we estimate at 600 billion dollars in total savings. And the impact on the American people, Mr. President, is one in three Americans leave a drugstore without their medication because they can't afford it. They know they got a doctor's prescription, they know it can make a difference in their lives. That will no longer happen with the most favored nation drug pricing. And we're giving drugs like the uh, which as you call it, the fat shot, the weight loss drugs, to all beneficiaries of Medicare. Every senior in America can get them for 50 dollars starting on July 1st. These are just inconceivably good prices and they're so good in fact that we actually save the taxpayer money by reducing the downstream effects of obesity, diabetes, and hypertension. Mr. President, all possible because you took brave action. And again, the question we should be asking ourselves is why didn't why didn't this happen a decade ago? Katie, what do you think about that young man?

[03:23] Katie:
Oh, that he is um, he has a a new lease on hope and it's because of you. I talked to his parents and they said we feel so good about our country that we literally have the President and Dr. Oz and Secretary Kennedy doing everything possible to give our son a fighting chance. They said before, you know, no one was listening, uh, but you Mr. President took action. And uh, Will Roberts is he that is such a he is such a great young man and inspired so many people.

[03:51] President Trump:
Well Right to Try is nobody talks about it. Thousands of people, but but it's also like this incredible laboratories of people that are they're finished, they're terminally ill, they're not going to live. And we weren't given and this went on for years. You know this went on for years Madam Secretary, you're doing such a good job with the prices, agriculture, um, how's the beef doing? We got to get the beef down.

[04:10] Secretary Kennedy:
We're we're working on it.

[04:12] President Trump:
It's the only thing. We got to get the beef down. But but this was this was uh, so incredible because and I'd marveled at it for 30 years and say, why I'd have friends that were terminally ill. You'd meet people they were really in bad shape. They weren't going to make it and they couldn't get a drug that looked like it was going to work. They couldn't get it. I they'd ask me to get it, you have contacts here, could you get it? You couldn't get it. You go to jail if you get it. And they're going to die. They'd die three weeks later, four weeks later. And we're saving a lot of people that were gone, that were terminally ill. And and what we're doing is producing almost immediately. You know, you can almost immediately approve these drugs. But it was very, you know, look, legally it was a disaster because everybody would be sued. The problem is somebody would die and then they'd blame the drug and then the drug company gets sued, the doctor, the country gets sued. You know, a member of the family uh goes crazy and and you settle for millions of dollars uh because you killed somebody that was going to be dead in two weeks. So I did that and I'm very proud of it. The other thing Doc Dr. mentioned the fat drug. So think of it. 87 dollars it would sell in London and 1,300 dollars in New York for the exact same box made, I won't name the company, made by the same company in the same facility. 87 dollars in London, 87 dollars in Heidelberg, 87 dollars in Paris, 1,370 dollars in New York. And this went on for a long time. And I was always say, you know, he could be a famous guy. He's begging me not to release his name. He's a very highly neurotic, very fat sort of a fat slob I would call him, but he's a brilliant man. We know many of those people. He's a brilliant guy actually, but he said, uh President what the hell's going on here? He he didn't need the money. He's rich as hell, but he he just couldn't understand why he had to pay so little in London. He went to London and he couldn't understand. He said this is crazy. And it actually motivated me in a certain way because he was very smart. He he did a study. He actually sent his people and he traced this medicine and he found out it was the box here is the same box as he had in New York. It was made in the same plant and it cost, you know, 10 times more here than it did in London. And and that that there are worse stories than that. And I said that's it, it's over, we're going to do it. That got me really motivated. He's begging me not to release his name because he is a well-known person and I so destroyed his reputation in terms of his physicality that he just doesn't want me. I said, you know, you've had a big impact on medicine because you got you got to be better than any normal person could have, you know. He said no I don't want. Okay, yeah please.

[07:12] Daniel:
Mr. President, what do you hope to get out of the summit in China and how much has the war in Iran changed the agenda?

[07:22] President Trump:
A lot. Look, I have a great relationship with President Xi. We're doing a lot of business, but it's smart business. We used to be taken advantage of for years with our previous presidents and now we're doing great with China. We make a lot of money with China. I have a great relationship with with President Xi. And I think you can see that with the fact that in Hormuz, they get a big percentage, 40 percent of their oil from Hormuz. There's been no ships coming in, no nasty ships coming in that we end up in skirmishes with. There's been he'd like to see it get done. He doesn't want to see, I'll tell you what. Look, I respect him a lot and hopefully he respects me. He didn't respect our previous government. That I can tell you. The guy couldn't talk. It was a ridiculous how that ever happened. Our country was hurt so badly the last four years. You know, I say it all the time. It was the King of Saudi Arabia but everybody says, we were a dead country a year and a half ago. And now we're the hottest country anywhere in the world and you know that better than anybody. You you see that, Olivia sees that, you see it in the numbers. Look at the numbers, look at the stock market. The stock market is now higher than it was when this war started. So I thought that would go down 20, 25 percent. I was it was fine. You know, I'm willing to I'm willing to say, terrible expression, take a bullet. It's a terrible expression especially when it's used by me. But I am, I'm willing to take a bullet for the country. And I said, look, the stock market's going to go down, but we're going to have a a threat of lunatics having, they're lunatics, having a nuclear weapon. I deal with them. I deal with them. I say to them, I say you people are crazy. I deal with them. They talk differently. I say you crazy. You're crazy people, you're nuts. You're not having a nuclear weapon. They think they can talk me into it and then they don't they don't do very well with it. But they know how I feel. They can't have a nuclear weapon. They would use it within an hour after getting it. If the Obama deal wasn't terminated by me, they would have had it six years ago. And they would have used it immediately on Israel and also the rest of the Middle East. You saw that when they start shooting rockets. Nobody thought Saudi Arabia and Qatar and UAE were going to get hit or Kuwait, Bahrain. They I think it was a tremendous strategic mistake and they wasted those missiles. We have the Patriots that knocked them down every god- you know we had a cold story. We have we were shot at one of our great assets, happened to be a ship, great ship. 111 missiles going at very high rates of speed. Sophisticated equipment and you know, that's all they did is build missiles. They say thousands of missiles. Who has who does this except for people that are looking for trouble? We had 111 shot at one of our ships over a very short period of time. Out of 111 missiles going at 3,000 miles an hour, all 111 missiles were knocked down into the ocean prior long prior to arriving at the target. And the cool guys, the coolest guys are the guys that do this, you know. They're not brawn, they're brain. They sit- missile shot. You got to see it happening. Missile's coming, mis- they got like about 13 seconds to make a decision. It's not like, gee, let's figure it out. They make a wrong calculation, you know, you lose some a lot of men. A lot of men and a lot of billion dollars times 10 ships. So but there's a level of coolness that missile shot, mis- they look, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And you know, they're going uh heading 47 degrees north 1,300 feet going 3,000 miles an hour. Okay, we have it in our sight, fire, boom. 10 seconds later, poof. Let me tell you, they need smart people. These people are smart. And they're so smart that they're cool. You know and the calculations for some people are very tough. For other people, not so tough. There's, you know, about 1 percent. There's not too many. Oz, not too many people around like that. I say uh I call a lot of times I'll call these gunners because they're phenomenal geniuses. You know, where did you go to school? I went to MIT. Where did you go to school? I went to the best schools. Smart. Got to be smart. We have the greatest military in the world. Okay.

[12:00] Female Reporter:
Mr. President, back to motherhood, your one big beautiful bill—

[12:01] President Trump:
I like that. Because this is about motherhood, not about the beautiful country of Iran. Sorry.

[12:09] Female Reporter:
Yes, thank you for being here. Your one big beautiful bill defunded Planned Parenthood for one year, but that expires on this July 4th. Would you like Congress to use reconciliation—

[12:19] President Trump:
Well we'll see what happens. Congress is now negotiating. Uh we've been uh very good for the people that want it, for the people that are here. And uh we'll see how that goes. It's been a very thorny, to put it to put it mildly, it's been a very thorny issue. Uh it's under it's all under negotiation right now. Yes, go ahead please.

[12:40] Male Reporter:
Thank you, Mr. President. Uh what do you think about the handling of the Hantavirus by the US? Uh do you regret withdrawing from the WHO given that—

[12:52] President Trump:
No, I I'm glad. So we were paying the World Health Organization 500 million dollars a year. Look, it's a lot of money, but in the overall scope it's not that much, but it's a lot of money. And we weren't being treated well. And they were making the wrong diagnoses. I was the one that said it came from Wuhan, they didn't say that. They refused to say that because they were totally owned by China. So I was saying it came from Wuhan. They didn't want to say that. Now it's turned out, I think it's been conclusive that it came from Wuhan. But I said that on the first day because I saw satellite pictures with body bags all over Wuhan, literally all over Wuhan. So I said that, they lied to me or they didn't know. So we were paying for let's say 350 million people, we were paying 500 million dollars a year to the World Health Organization. That's a lot of mon- what the hell are they going to do with that kind of money? And China was paying 39 million dollars a year for 1.4 billion people. So I said you know you got your story wrong because we should be paying about 10 million dollars, not 500 million. And they were willing to negotiate, but it was so popular when I pulled out. They gave us all wrong information. On COVID, they were totally wrong. And I looked today and I saw the same doctor that was there, he's a good politician, I don't know how the hell he kept his job, but he was there telling us about this. Now the one thing with this one is that it's much harder to catch. And we've had it for a long- we it's been around for a long time. People are very familiar with it. So uh you know I hope it's fine. All I can do is everything that a president can do, which is some which is actually somewhat limited. But but uh it seems like it is not uh easy to spread. In fact, it's in certain ways very hard to spread. It's been we've we've lived with it for years, many years, and we think we're in very good shape. We're very careful. And Nebraska has done a fantastic job. They have a a place there that those doctors are unbelievable the job they've done. Yeah, please.

[15:06] Female Reporter:
Mr. President, are you going to suspend the federal gas tax?

[15:10] President Trump:
Uh yeah, I'm going to uh reduce until the Let me tell you, as soon as this is over with Iran, as soon as it's over, you're going to see gasoline and oil drop like a rock. Going to be dropping down like a rock. I mean already, look, just on the basis of you know things have happened. When it first came about, uh 20 percent of the oil came out of Hormuz. That's a lot. But you know with time, it's like they go to Texas, they go to Louisiana, they go to Alaska. A lot of Alaska. Alaska is, you know, it sort of seems like very far away from the from Asia, but it's actually a relatively short trip by comparison to other locations they have to go to to get oil. And uh they go to Alaska. In fact our big problem is we're building bigger docks, docking you know, dock to fill up. But we have uh we've become very big on the filling station. We're a big filling station. And what's happening is when this first when people heard about losing Hormuz, they said, oh this is it's genius. They're finding other locations. And some of those people, I spoke to them, companies and countries. Some of those people are going to continue to go to Texas, they like it better. They said it's an extra 45 minutes. They like it better. And it sort of amazing, you know, it found its way. So a lot of people thought oil would go to 250, 300 dollars. It's not. I mean, today it's at less than 100. Think of that. Now when this ends, you're going to see a drop like a rock.

[16:55] Female Reporter:
How long are you going to suspend that tax for then?

[16:57] President Trump:
Uh till it's appropriate. Yeah, till it's appropriate.

[17:05] Female Reporter:
Mr. President, do you still believe a diplomatic solution is possible with Iran or do you only have military options like—

[17:11] President Trump:
No, I I think uh it's very possible. Look, I've had to deal with them four or five times. They change their mind. They're very dishonorable people, the leadership. Don't forget it's a third level. The first level is gone. They were unreasonable. The second level was more reasonable. The third level nobody wants to be president, you know. They say, who wants to be president? There's nobody raises their hand, you know. But we're uh they just they change their mind. I've I've had that in business many times. I you know the mind changes, you call them, these people that you make a deal and then the next day they send you a document that takes that takes five days to get there when it should have been there in 20 minutes, you know, it's a pretty simple document. They will never have a nuclear weapon, yeah.

[17:57] Female Reporter:
Thank you, sir. I was speaking with her lawyer this morning. She's the daughter of Jimmy Lai and she told me that she's been praying and hoping that you'll be the one that brings her dad home. She says of any administration, she thinks you're the one that could do it. Do you think you could—

[18:09] President Trump:
You said Jimmy Lai. Jimmy Lai's daughter. And there's another gentleman, a minister, a pastor, as you know, over there. I'll bring them both up. Uh I brought it up before, Jimmy Lai I brought up. The other one I just heard about this morning actually. And uh I do bring that up. You know, we've gotten, I don't know if you've been reading John Cole who's a great lawyer. He uh he was a tobacco lawyer, he's a great great guy. I won't say he's an older guy because he may be offended by that, but he is. He's a little older, he's a little older and he's a wise man actually. Made a fortune with the tobacco he did the first tobacco lawsuit. And he's a great man and he uh he's brought back hundreds of people out of various, Belarus, you know you read about that. We we had and the leader has been fantastic. But somebody has to ask him. Biden never asked, we asked. And we're getting hundreds of people out of confinement and prisons that shouldn't be there. And hundreds and many of them aren't even citizens of the United States. They're people that have been captured in some form, they're ministers and uh people that are really innocent people and they're being held captive. And I bring up Jimmy Lai. Now Jimmy Lai, you know, did you know he caused a lot of bedlam? I don't know. It's like saying to me, uh if Comey ever went to jail, would you let him out? Hmm. That's it might be a hard one for me. Does that make sense? It might be a hard one for me to you know because he's a dirty cop. But Jimmy Lai isn't that way, but Jimmy Lai did he caused lots of turmoil for China. He tried to do the right thing, he wasn't successful, went to jail and people would like him out and I'd like to see him get out too. I would. So I'll bring him up again, I have brought him up. Uh there's another gentleman, a pastor as you know, with a beautiful daughter and son-in-law that would like to see him get out. I'm going to bring his name up.

[20:13] Female Reporter:
Mr. President, what about Taiwan? Do you expect Taiwan to come up in your—

[20:18] President Trump:
Yeah, it always comes up. Um yeah, it always comes up. It's I used to say uh Ukraine would, you know, four years you never even heard the word Ukraine. It was never going to happen. And it was handled so badly Ukraine, Ukraine should have never come up. They lost last month 25,000 soldiers both sides. 25,000. They're losing on average 25,000 soldiers. It's like a meat grinder, it's horrible what's happening. That would have never happened had the election not been rigged. That would have never happened. Uh and Putin and I would talk about it but there was never any he would have never done it. Um Taiwan I equate a little bit to that. If you have the right president, I don't think it'll happen. I think it will be fine. I have a very good relationship with President Xi. He knows I don't want that to happen. Uh very far away, very, very far away. We're just 9,500 miles, you know. We're 9,500 miles. He's 67 miles. It's a little bit of a difference, but you know there's a lot of there's a lot of support for Taiwan from Japan and from countries from that area.

[21:26] Daniel:
Do you think we should still be selling them weapons, the United States?

[21:31] President Trump:
Well I'm going to have that discussion with President Xi. President Xi would like us not to. Um and I'll have that discussion. That's one of the many things I'll be talking about. We'll have a you know, he and I have gotten along well. Other than with COVID, I I you know, I was not uh I was just not accepting of what happened with COVID. But other than that, he and I have had a he's a great gentleman. I find him to be uh an amazing an amazing man. And when I say that the press always says, oh that's terrible that he called them a you know he runs 1.4 billion people with a pretty iron fist. He's uh he loves his country I can tell you that, President Xi. I look forward to being there and if he felt anything we wouldn't we wouldn't be doing it. But uh I think a lot of good things can happen. Now we'll be talking about I mean he'll bring up Taiwan I think more than I will. But I I think that uh a discussion will be a little bit about a little bit about energy and about the very beautiful country of Iran. And by the way, Iran is a beautiful country but it's got people running it now that shouldn't be there perhaps. Yeah.

[22:43] Female Reporter:
Mr. President, just a couple questions. Outside of these amazing benefits from employers for IVF, there are a lot of women out there who either they work part-time or they self-pay for health insurance. Is there an option for cheaper IVF for those women?

[22:57] President Trump:
And what would you like to know?

[22:58] Female Reporter:
For IVF, bring it down to the cost that's associated—

[23:01] President Trump:
I don't know, Olivia, could you answer that question please?

[23:05] Katie:
We're putting her through a little training here, Tom. See whether or not she's got it. I have no doubt she does. Go ahead. Just a softball from the President. Healthy moms, healthy babies America. We are focused on making America the safest and best place to have a baby. Uh the IVF question I think you probably do better hit by Senator Britt and Dr. Fink and others. Yeah, so what we're trying to do is obviously make sure that people have greater access and the affordability goes down. We did that obviously with what you saw from the President last year in the two different announcements he made. Um we've seen uh you know over gosh I mean thousands of people have more more access uh with regards to affordability. I think we've saved about 15 million dollars but we know that this is going to go up to the tunes of billions of dollars when what we're doing here with being able to allow employers to do this. We think it will ultimately drive down to each and every person. So that is the point. The the more that people are able And we want to get as Secretary Kennedy said, we want to get to root causes as well. So we want to make sure that we are treating uh the the entire issue, not just putting a band-aid on it and moving on. We want people who want to bring life into the world to have that opportunity. We do believe that this will do that. So a combination of allowing this to be available, but then also the affordability element. I think it's down as he said, I mean some some of these drugs down 80 percent from a year ago, some down 40 percent over a year ago. Um so it's a really exciting time and we do think that this will ultimately be able to reach all Americans.

[24:35] President Trump:
But a lot of people don't realize it's available. I I spoke to people they don't know about uh the Trump and they don't know about any of these things that you know where you where you saving so much money where they can actually afford it. You know when you get prices down to just a tiny fraction of what they used to be, that's one of the reasons I don't need it for myself, I got enough publicity. But I need it to inform the public. A lot of people like your question is a good question, but a lot of people don't know IVF and so many other things that could help them that they they assume it's so expensive it's not within their price range and they're not going to be able to afford it or even think about it. And then they hear about these numbers and in addition there's some help that we give them beyond even the low numbers.

[25:21] Dr. Oz:
Mr. President, only one in three Americans know what trumprx.gov does. It would be a great service, I know he hits you a lot about this not getting uh uh reported on appropriately, but there is no excuse to buy drug in America and not check trumprx.gov just to make sure you're getting the best price. Think of it as a transparency site. And sir, we know we've got tens of millions of people who are going to it, but you know there's hundreds of millions of Americans. So we have got to get Americans realize you mentioned fertility. If fertility drugs are probably a third of the cost of the entire process. For those to drop by 90 percent dramatically changes the equation and they're private companies who are now taking advantage of the whole large group of individuals who can get access to fertility medications and these treatments that go with them. And as the services get better, uh we make them more affordable, we'll have more Trump babies.

[26:06] Katie:
Yeah, and we hope that that lays the groundwork though so that anyone has the ability to to receive these. And also remember this is all on moms.gov as well. I mean that's one thing we're trying to do is make sure that we are pushing people to all of these resources because when you either want to have a child or you find out you have a child, you know sometimes that's a very exciting thing, sometimes you know it's you're a little overwhelmed. We want all of those resources to be in one spot so that we can help these women in their journey to have a baby.

[26:45] President Trump:
And when people hear how inexpensive it is relative, you know they can't even think about it. Now all of a sudden they say I can afford that. And they get help also in affording it. There are ways of getting help to afford even those low prices. How about one more last question, please.

[26:46] Male Reporter:
Thank you, Mr. President. What do you say to infectious diseases experts who say they are worried the country may not be prepared to deal with something like Hantavirus uh because of all the HHS, you know, funding and staffing cuts?

[27:00] President Trump:
Well I think we take care of that. Uh do you want to answer that? It's just not true. Uh Jay Bhattacharya has taken this task on, Secretary Kennedy is involved with them. You can speak to it perhaps even better than frankly best in the room. But uh the country's prepared and the CDC's focused on it and the agency is is well aware of the opportunities to actually treat this problem, not just try to prevent it in the future, but treat it if it happens now. Secretary?

[27:21] Secretary Kennedy:
Yeah, I mean we've had a CDC teams on it from day one. I was speaking with the University of Nebraska since the second day of the outbreak. I was speaking with Governor Pillen in Nebraska. We had a CDC team in Tenerife. We had airplanes ready to take the patients, the 17 patients off the uh the vessel and transport two of them went to Atlanta, one of those was symptomatic. They're in a biocontainment lab in Atlanta. The other 16 are now in Nebraska. One of them is symptomatic, he is in the biocontainment lab. The other ones are being tested and supervised and after going home we have this under control and we're not worried about it.

[28:13] Male Reporter:
But the CDC took four days after the WHO issued its you know alert. Why was it? Why did it take the US four days to issue an alert?

[28:24] Secretary Kennedy:
It's it's not true. We as soon as we determined that the virus was out there we issued an alert. The alert means nothing because all the people—

[28:32] President Trump:
They acted very quickly. I saw the alert. I give me give me a break. They acted very very quickly and it looks like and you know can't bet anybody's life on it, but it looks like it's just a disease that we've had around in a very small way for a long time. Not a good one to catch, because you know it's a very severe disease if you catch it, but it's very hard to catch. Daniel, did you have a question?

[28:55] Daniel:
One last one. Senator Britt mentioned the website moms.gov. One of the policies that's on there uh the Trump accounts, right, they're getting ready to go live this summer. When you speak to young parents, this is one of the policies they repeatedly bring up about how impactful it will be for them. Can you just talk about why Americans need to know about this and how important it is for younger parents to give their kids a head start?

[29:15] President Trump:
So we've done more for young parents, I guess it's the way you could say it, it's a great beautiful term. But we've done more for young parents than any administration ever in history. And uh we're going to continue to do so. This is look at the people up here they're all like brilliant. I I'm one of the young ones, you know, I'm a similar age to all of them. Very similar. I feel the same as them. I I actually feel more so. You know I I don't know what this is. I feel the same as I did 50 years ago. Yeah. It's crazy. Uh some day there'll be a day when that won't happen. I'll I'll let Bobby and Oz know, you know, it's not quite the same. But I feel literally the same. I don't know why. I'm not it's not because I eat the best foods, maybe they are the best foods. Who knows what the best foods are. Maybe maybe junk food is good and the other food is no good. I know people that eat the best food, they go to a restaurant they have celery and I don't I'll have steak and everything else. And I say how you doing? Well it's over for me. At a young age. And all they do is watch. I know many many people that all they do is watch their weight, their this, their that and they kick the bucket. And here we are I feel great. Thank you Daniel. Thank you very much everybody. Have a good time.