======================================================================
Transcript: President Trump Delivers Remarks, Apr. 25, 2026
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHN8xcAJUsc
Upload date: 2026-04-26
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Event metadata:
  Type: prepared_remarks
  Location: Washington, District of Columbia, US
  Venue: The White House
  Event time: 2026-04-26T02:14:11+00:00
======================================================================
[19:27] Donald Trump:
Well, thank you very much. That was very unexpected, but incredibly acted upon by Secret Service and law enforcement and this was an event dedicated to freedom of speech that was supposed to bring together members of both parties with members of the press and in a certain way it did because the fact that they just unified us through a room that was just totally unified. It was in one way very beautiful, a very beautiful thing to see a man charge a security checkpoint armed with multiple weapons and he was taken down by some very brave members of Secret Service and they acted very quickly and have just released for purposes of transparency clarity. I've ordered it to be put out. You probably have it by now put out on truth and put out on many other platforms, a tape showing the violence of this thug that attacked our constitution and also showing how quickly Secret Service and law enforcement acted on our country's behalf. Really did a great job. One officer was shot but saved by the fact that he was wearing a obviously a very good bulletproof vest. He was shot from very close distance with a very powerful gun and the vest did the job. I just spoke to the officer and he's doing great. He's great shape. He is uh has very high spirits and we told him we love him and respect him and he's a very proud guy. He's very proud of what he does Secret Service agent and we looked at all of the conditions that took place tonight and I will say you know, it's not a particularly secure building and I didn't want to say this, but this is why we have to have all of the attributes of what we're planning at the White House. It's actually a larger room and it's a much more secure. It's drone proof. It's bulletproof glass. We need the ballroom. That's why Secret Service. That's why the military are demanding it. They've wanted the ballroom for 150 years for lots of different reasons, but today's a little bit different because today we need levels of security that probably nobody's ever seen before, but everyone owes a tremendous debt of gratitude to the courage of law enforcement. The law enforcement and working with the DC police and we just spoke with the mayor and when we're finished the police chief is going to take over and discuss it also from their viewpoint, but they also performed exactly as they were supposed to and you see the attacker in different positions, but you also see the attacker totally subdued and under control. So as you know, this not the first time in the past couple of years that our republic has been attacked by a would-be assassin who sought to kill in Butler, Pennsylvania less than two years ago. You know all that story and in Palm Beach Florida a few months after that we came close we really had again. We had some great work done by law enforcement. But in light of this evening's events, I ask that all Americans recommit with their hearts in resolving our difference peacefully. We have to we have to resolve our differences. I will say you had Republicans Democrats Independents Conservatives Liberals and Progressives. Those words are interchangeable perhaps but maybe they're not but yet everybody in the room big crowd record-setting crowd there was a record-setting group of people and there was a tremendous amount of love and coming together. I watched I watched and I was very very impressed by that. But uh we were First Lady and I were taken very well care of very quickly very quickly rushed off the stage. The Vice President JD Vance who's here was likewise uh beautifully done I guess he was just saying how quickly everybody acted law enforcement Secret Service in particular in this case, but law enforcement Marco had the same thing. Pete was there, Pete didn't want any help. He didn't want anybody to help. He doesn't want anybody to help him but he did get some didn't you and I think you also said that it was very impressive. So with that I'd like to ask Todd Blanche to come up say a few words and tell you it's already uh underway the uh the man has has been captured uh they've they're going to his apartment I guess he lives in California and he's a sick person, a very sick person and we don't want things like this to happen. I think it's very important that I say though and I told the representatives of the evening they did such a beautiful job was such a beautiful evening. And again, they're talking about free speech in our constitution. That's what it's all about. Not just uh White House correspondents. It's really it was really based on free speech in our constitution. But I said very importantly that we'll do it again within the next 30 days and we'll make it bigger and better and even nicer. So I just want to thank everybody that was involved. I also want to thank the press, the media. Uh you've been very responsible in your coverage. I will say I've been seeing what's been out and you've been very responsible. So Todd Blanche, I'd like to say a few words and then we're going to have Cash and uh then you're going to go on we can ask I guess we could take a couple of questions. Uh I want to thank the First Lady for that was a rather traumatic experience for her. There was a lot of action taking place up there very quickly, but again the response time was really incredible uh and we're going to reschedule we're going to do it again. We're not going to let anybody take over our society. We're not going to cancel things out because we can't do that. We wanted to stay tonight. I will tell you I I fought like hell to stay but they uh it was protocol they said please sir because they didn't know a lot of there was a lot of action going on and they didn't know could there be probably a lone shooter but we'll find out we'll find out very quickly they have it very well under control. So I want to thank everybody very much and uh Todd Blanche please.

[26:24] Todd Blanche:
Thank you very much Mr. President. Um tonight you saw the very worst and the very best of this country. You saw the very worst by the actions of that coward that the President just talked about, but you also saw the very best because you saw law enforcement do exactly what they're supposed to do and and you'll see the videos come out. I expect very shortly and you'll see law enforcement do exactly what we want them to do. And so I echo what Mr. President what President Trump just said that we are extraordinarily grateful and appreciative of the men and women of law enforcement that that did their jobs tonight including one who was who was injured. Um this investigation is ongoing. I expect you will see charges filed shortly. Uh the charges should be self-evident given the conduct, but but as you'll hear um there will be multiple charges surrounding the shooting around the possession of firearms and and anything else that we can get uh get on this guy. Um the investigation is is obviously ongoing and just started. There is federal law enforcement already um working on search warrants and doing their job and I don't want to get ahead of them uh and and don't want to get ahead of the work that they're doing even as we speak. Director Patel and I were just on the crime scene um a short while ago and everybody in this room should rest assured that the Metropolitan Police Department, the FBI, Secret Service um everybody's on the scene doing their job. Um I know that the the police chief is going to give an update from the scene as soon as we're finished here and and I obviously will leave the lead the details of what of what they have learned to him, but in the meantime I just want to thank uh thank everybody in this room for the courage and I want to thank President Trump for his for his words and and I promise you justice will be served. Thank you. Director Patel.

[28:15] Kash Patel:
Thank you general. Thank you Mr. President. The President's absolutely right. You saw the best resolve of American law enforcement because you Mr. President inspire them 24/7 365. You give them the resources that they need and you know they know that you have their back and that is a changing dynamic in this country and that's why you saw brave Secret Service agents respond immediately, swiftly, subdue and take down the suspect and safeguard the lives of thousands of individuals at that hotel. Thanks to our inner-agency partnership with the Department of Homeland Security and the Metropolitan Police Department. The FBI was rapidly deployed onto the scene, took over the evidence response unit uh is examining all the ballistics that were found on scene to include the long gun and the shell casings. We are conducting witness interviews as we speak. You will hear from our team on the scene there with the mayor and the head of the FBI field division there, but please know what the Attorney General has just said reigns no truer. You saw the very best of America tonight. The very best unite us at a time of uncertainty because we have leadership here with the President, Vice President that backs law enforcement and the men and women that I shook their hands on the scene today could not have been prouder to show up on scene. And as the Attorney General said, make no mistake we are conducting witness interviews. If you have any information, any information whatsoever related to this event, 1-800-CALL-FBI, 1-800-CALL-FBI. No piece of information is too small. No piece of information is inadequate. We will evaluate it all. We will also be conducting interviews of those that were there and if any of those individuals um have information please come forward to law enforcement or the FBI or the Metropolitan Police Department. We will be examining this individual's background thoroughly. That process has already started and we are going to ensure that he was either a lone wolf actor or anyone else that was responsible we will analyze all evidence immediately to make sure that we safeguard this country. Mr. President, Mr. Vice President, thank you for your leadership Attorney General and Homeland Secretary Marlon, thank you for your partnership in law enforcement.

[30:08] Donald Trump:
Thank you Kash. Okay, we'll do a couple and then we go to the chief. Madam Chairman, oh I just want to say you did a fantastic job. What a beautiful evening and we're going to reschedule. Okay thank you. And after that, it's very tough for her to ask a killer question, right? But you have done a fantastic job, please.

[30:29] Speaker 1:
Mr. President, I appreciate it. Um as you mentioned, it all happened so quickly and I wonder especially because unfortunately you have experience with these sorts of threats in that moment when you realized there was a threat and service agents were telling us to get down, can you describe um what was going through your mind how you were feeling in that moment?

[30:55] Donald Trump:
That's a very good question. Actually, I was uh it's always shocking when something like this happens, happened to me a little bit and uh that never changes. Uh the fact we're sitting right next to each other, the First Lady on my right and I heard a noise and sort of thought it was a tray. I thought it was a tray going down. I've heard that many times and it was pretty loud noise and it was from quite far away he hadn't breached the area at all. They really got him. But uh so it's quite far away, but it was a gun and some people uh really understood that pretty quickly, other people didn't. I was watching to see what was happening. Probably should have gone down even faster. Uh Melania was very cognizant I think of what happened. I think she knew immediately what happened. She was saying that's a bad noise and uh I would we were whisked away along with other people, but we were really whisked away. And again, the performance of the Secret Service and the police, all of the law enforcement, I thought it was very good. So it was very quick. There wasn't a lot of time to be thinking because it was a matter of seconds before we were out the door and gone into an area. We very much and you wanted to too. We very much wanted to continue it because I don't like to let these sick people these thugs, these horrible horrible people change the fabric of our life, change the course of what we do. So we held out, you were there, we held out right to the end, but they didn't want to take a chance and I understand there was protocol. Uh but uh we're going to be doing one hopefully within the next 30 days or sooner and I am ready willing and able and I was all set to really rip it and I said to my people, this would be the most inappropriate speech ever made if I said what. So I'll have to save it. I don't know if I can ever be as rough as I was going to be tonight. I think I'm going to be probably very nice. I'll be very boring the next time but we're going to have a great event and you did a fantastic job. Thank you very much. Peter, go ahead.

[33:04] Speaker 2:
Thank you President Trump. Uh there's a report in the New York Post that this assailant assembled his weapon somewhere on site at the hotel. What do you think about that and uh I ask respectfully, why do you think this keeps happening to you?

[33:23] Donald Trump:
Well, you know, I've studied assassinations and I must tell you the most impactful people, the people that do the most, you take a look at the people they Abraham Lincoln, I mean you go through the people that have gone through this where they got him, but the people that do the most the people that make the biggest impact they're the ones that they go after. They don't go after the ones that don't do much because they like it that way. And when you look at the people that have either whether it was an attempt or a successful attempt, they're very impactful people. Just take a look at the names there, the big names and uh I hate to say I'm honored by that, but I've done a lot, we've done a lot. We have we've taken this country and we were a laughing stock for years and now we're the hottest country anywhere in the world. We've changed this country and there are a lot of people that are not happy about that. So I think that's the answer Peter.

[34:25] Speaker 2:
And after Butler, your team for a while rethought outdoor events. Yeah. Do you think that you now need to rethink indoor?

[34:33] Donald Trump:
No. Well, but then you just don't do events. No, I can't do that. I have to what it, you know, it is what it is. We have to do it. Uh the room was very, very secure. You know, he charged from 50 yards away, so he was very far away from the room.

[34:46] Speaker 2:
And what'd you think when you saw the video of how fast he was running?

[34:49] Donald Trump:
He was moving. He was really moving and the reaction time was great. Boy, those guys they had their guns drawn literally by the time he was there, they were shooting. That's right. They were I thought they were very impressive. I thought they were very impressive. I and if I didn't I'd let you know. You know, I'm not going to be I would not stand for that. No, I thought they were very impressive. Yes.

[35:10] Speaker 3:
Thank you President Trump and thank you for for updating us on the suspect earlier. Were you aware of any threats, was your team aware of any threats beforehand and do you believe you were the target of this tonight?

[35:21] Donald Trump:
I guess, I mean these people they're crazy. They're crazy. And you know, you never know. He was very far away from me had to go through a lot. No, we had uh we had resources all over. We had resources sitting at tables literally in disguise sitting maybe at your table, who knows? But we had we had people all over the room so he had a long way to go. That was really a first line of defense and they got him and they really, you know, they acted incredibly. No, we have no we've had no there was no notification. We had no idea. Go ahead.

[35:52] Speaker 3:
Do you know have any political motivations from this?

[35:54] Donald Trump:
Well, you never know. Now we'll be able to tell you that maybe by tomorrow or the next day. You know he's in custody and uh they asking him a lot of questions. I guess they're going over Todd and they're they're already at his apartment, he lives in California and they'll be they're over there so they'll be able to tell you. Thank you.

[36:15] Speaker 4:
President Trump, did the suspect say anything or was he wearing anything that would allege some type of motive here?

[36:23] Donald Trump:
Nothing no, I mean he was uh a guy who looked pretty evil when he was down. You know they had him down. He was fighting hard. He was a obvious in my opinion a sick person. Who would do that but a sick person? But I think you're going to find everything about him. No reason to talk about it now by tomorrow at this time long before this time you're going to know a lot of things about him. He was a they seem to think he was a lone wolf and I feel that.

[36:47] Speaker 4:
Are you concerned about US Secret Service protection ability? We saw several of the detailees take minutes to be escorted out of the room.

[36:56] Donald Trump:
No, they acted very quickly. No, I was very impressed by Secret Service. I mean, I'm the one and Mark Wayne you would agree with that I think. I'm the one that uh would complain. You don't have to complain for me, I would be complaining. I'd be up here right now saying they didn't do their job, oh believe me because you know it's my life and I want to live because I want to make this country great. That's why I want to live. But when you're impactful they go after you, when you're not impactful they leave you alone. Okay a couple a couple of more. Couple of more. Go ahead please.

[37:26] Speaker 5:
Is there any indication that this um this uh shooting was could have been linked to the war uh in Iran?

[37:34] Donald Trump:
I I don't think so, but you never know. We're going to know a lot. We'll uh we have the best people in the world working on it and uh we're going to know a lot. Please.

[37:44] Speaker 6:
Mr. President, there's a lot there's um you as well as some of us who have covered Butler experienced another horrific day two years ago.

[37:52] Donald Trump:
Yeah.

[37:53] Speaker 6:
What's what felt similar, you know you had the First Lady with you today, what felt different and you have another two plus years in office. Are you concerned about something like this happening again?

[38:03] Donald Trump:
Well, I can't be concerned. I I can only get great people they did the job. Uh a much be in my opinion a much better job than Butler. Butler had one weak spot that we all know about. Somebody should have been up there, but even Butler uh we had a uh our sniper, sniper on our side within 4.2 seconds from a distance of about 400 yards one shot and he was gone. And if he didn't do it now, you know, he's David. His name was David. I say hello David every time I see him. David, I like you very much David. But think of that. Now if he doesn't hit him and he hit him right between the eyes from 400 yards without any notice, nobody knew. He heard a sound. He looked over and there was actually a tree that was somewhat in his way, you know the story very well and he aimed, he fired and if he didn't do that beyond me would have had a lot more people killed. We lost one great person and two people very badly hurt. They're okay now. But uh no that was so in a sense, you know, they that was pretty amazing the job they did but but uh but they did have that one weak spot as you know they should have had that covered. Uh tonight they had everything covered very quickly and he was fast. He was running full blast and they got him uh before they got any further. I was very far away, you know he was he hadn't anywhere close to breach the doors of the ballroom. The ballroom was sealed and uh everybody in there. That's why once those doors open, they didn't want to do tonight. If the doors weren't opened, we could have probably done it tonight, but I think we're much better off rescheduling. Yeah, please.

[39:44] Speaker 7:
Mr. President, uh for you and and perhaps law enforcement as well, what is the level of confidence as that this was a lone actor and has the suspect made any statements to police while in custody?

[39:56] Donald Trump:
Yeah, I think it I just my look it's not my profession we have great professionals up here and outside that have been working with us. Uh my impression is he was a a lone wolf uh whack job. These are crazy people, these are crazy people and they have to be dealt with. We had that in the second attempt uh as you know and he's he's spending life in prison because if you let them out they'll probably, you know, if he serves 10 years or 15 years you let him out he'll probably try it again with somebody else. They're sick people. We have a lot of sick people. But you're going to know uh I think very shortly you're going to know Todd uh a lot about him. You're going to know a lot about him. Yeah couple of more.

[40:41] Speaker 8:
Mr. President, are you concerned about political violence? This could be politically motivated.

[40:47] Donald Trump:
All violence, concerned about everything. Look but I can't be so concerned that you can't function. No I'm here uh it's a dangerous profession. You know, I tell the story racecar drivers, I think it's very dangerous. So if you take 1% and then take about 10% of 1% just to break it down very easily, they die. So much less than 1%. 10% of 1%. I think bull riding is very dangerous. If you take about the same 10% of 1% much less than 1%. But if you take Presidents it's 5.8% and about 8% are shot at. So nobody told me this was such a dangerous profession. If Marco would have told me maybe I wouldn't have run. Maybe I would have said I'll take a pass. No, it's a dangerous profession, but I don't view it that way. Look, I'm here to do a job. Uh it's part of the job. It is a dangerous it's I can't imagine that there's any profession that's more dangerous. But I love the country and I'm very proud. I'm very proud of the job we've done. You see what's happened? We have a great country we've got I think the most successful, the hottest country anywhere in the world. This happened over a period of just a year and we're going to do great things. But with that come risks. There's no question about it. Yeah.

[42:13] Speaker 9:
To that end, I mean there's been so much political violence not just aimed at yourself, but at other members of you know members of Congress, state house speakers, you name it. Is that just the cost of doing business to do politics in America anymore? Yeah. Well what does that say about our country?

[42:26] Donald Trump:
Yeah well look I know we're not the only country. You look at this great violence with all countries. I was talking to somebody from another country uh today and they have numerous assassinations of political figures all over the world. You look at South America and South America it's like some of the numbers are just horrific. It's dangerous, dangerous stuff whether it's here or some place else. Uh no country is immune. No country.

[42:53] Speaker 9:
Is there a way to pull to turn that temperature down?

[42:55] Donald Trump:
At this point?

[42:56] Speaker 9:
Well probably if I decided to just not do much. You know if I let everybody rip us off and take advantage of us. Look we're leading the world in trade now. We're leading the world in the military. The greatest military in the world. They rebuilt it at my first term and now we use it because we have no choice. We can't let as an example Iran. We can't let them get a nuclear weapon. That'll everything will be peanuts compared to that if they ever were given a nuclear weapon and they'd use it too. Marco and I were talking about it today, they would use it without even hesitation. We can't do that. It was a shame. I said oh boy, look at the numbers. We just broke 50,000 in the Dow. We just broke 7,000 in the S&P. They said we couldn't do it in seven years or five years, four years, they were saying maybe in five or six years. And we did it in one year. And I called everybody together. I called all of these people and others and I said uh we have to take a little journey, I said to do this we just had the great number we just broke 50,000. It wasn't supposed to happen during my term. Wasn't reachable. Did it in one year and I said we're going to have to make a journey to Iran they they're going to have a nuclear weapon if we don't do it. We had the B-2 bombers take them out. I terminated in the first term the Obama agreement, the Iran nuclear agreement which was a disaster. That was a road to a nuclear weapon. They would have used it. They would have used it 100%. So you know when you do things like that you become a target. If I wasn't doing that I guess I'd be a lot less of a target, but I'm honored to be. Okay one more question.

[44:37] Speaker 10:
Thank you President Trump. Uh do you know how the gun was brought into the hotel and also how does this event impact you as the leader of our country? Do you think it will change your leadership style?

[44:48] Donald Trump:
I like not to think about it. Uh I lead a pretty normal life considering, you know, it's a dangerous life. I think I'm I think I handle it as well as as well as it can be handled. I think a lot of other people you know you read stories where they become basket cases to be honest with you. I'm not a basket case. I I take it really take it as it is. I do it for the country. I'm not doing it for any other reason. I have a First Lady who's doing a terrific job. She loves the country and uh she recognizes it better than anybody. She's told me numerous times, she said you are in a dangerous job. But that goes along with her too. I mean it's dangerous for her too. We sat there tonight, we heard that noise and it was either a tray or a bullet. I thought I was hoping it was a tray, but it wasn't. And uh again we had some very brave people doing a great job so we're very proud of them and happy with them. Uh I just want to thank everybody. They will be able to give you all that information as to uh the names and everything else. Most of I think we released the names already, most of you would have it but his name. Uh we appreciate it. I see so many tuxedos and beautiful dresses. It was a little different evening than we thought but we're going to do it again and we're going to we have a great chairman who uh we're so proud of and we have to make it better. We'll make it safer I guess right? But we're going to make it even better. Okay thank you very much. Thank you.

[46:16] Speaker 11:
President Trump. One from the back sir. About and how impactful this was. Can we hear from her about Melania would you want to say something? Okay. One in the back. One in the back sir. Go ahead.

[46:31] Speaker 12:
The people across the globe in fact watching you, you demonstrated a courageous leadership and thank God you're alive. All of us are alive today. What is the message that you want to give to the world that this should change, what corrective measures can be taken from here on sir?

[46:46] Donald Trump:
Well all you can do, look, I don't care how many people you have how good they are. They can be the greatest people. You can have the greatest security in history. If you have a whack job who's got a brain but it's a little bit distorted or a lot distorted they can make trouble. I would say Pete right? You know they can make trouble. Some of these people are of genius level IQ and they're nuts. So it can be trouble. So you do absolutely the best. You get the best. We have the best people. Well look they it was proven tonight. He he started running from 50 yards and he was fast. He was like a blur on tape. He was moving. They turned it was very impressive the way they got him because a lot of people would be looking and saying, you know, it's like a weird feeling and they would let him get through but they didn't let him get through. They they drew those guns so fast. Looked like looked like Matt Dillon. They looked like somebody that knew what they were doing and we really do. But it comes with the territory. And if you want to do a great job, I really believe that and I you take a look at what's happened to some of our greatest Presidents and it doesn't happen to people that don't do anything and it's not going to deter me from winning the war in Iran. I don't know if that had anything to do with I really don't think so based on what we know, but uh we're going to continue to do a great job. That's all I can do. Thank you very much. I'll see you tomorrow. Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate it. You're okay.