======================================================================
Transcript: President Trump and the First Lady Participate in a Military Mother's Day Event
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=22HQKGoAnoA
Upload date: 2026-05-06
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Event metadata:
  Type: other
  Location: Washington, District of Columbia, US
  Venue: East Room of the White House
  Event time: 2026-05-06T16:23:26+00:00
======================================================================
[00:13] Announcer:
Ladies, the President of the United States, Donald J. Trump, and First Lady Melania Trump.

[00:51] Melania Trump:
Good afternoon and welcome to the White House. I would like to extend warm welcome to our vice president, J.D. Vance, and his wife, Usha. Welcome. It is our pleasure to join today by Secretary McMahon, Mrs. Hegseth, and I'm also honored to welcome Mrs. Melody Wolf and Lorraine Hawk and to my chief of staff, Hayley Harrison, who is preparing to welcome her second child onto the world. Hayley, you are wonderful mother and I wish you and your growing family all great things. I often think about the brave people who make the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. When I went to honor the fallen service members from the 103rd Sustainment Command at Dover Air Force Base last March, I realized that words cannot comfort the all-consuming grief that family members and mothers in particular experience. The loss is overwhelming. Although I understand the deep pride these families feel in their loved one's service to our great republic, I cannot fathom the depth of their sorrow. A mother is awestruck when she welcomes her child into the world. After nine months, the miracle of life creates a fascinating bond between mother and child. With each breath, day by day, this bond deepens, bringing forth emotions never felt before. Quite frankly, these are emotions understood only by women. Only a mother can carry this type of powerful connection with her child, which is also too profound for words. This is a time of military conflict for America, and whereby we honor our selfless and valiant service members regularly, today is the day we hold their mothers in the highest regard. It is these military mothers who find themselves alone, awake in their thoughts in the darkest hours of the night. Of course, we must also remember the mothers with a spouse overseas, praying for a safe return so their family can become whole once again. At the very heart of America's strength lies the boundless love and quiet power of mothers. We are the most devoted teachers, gently nurturing empathy, inspiring dreams, and guiding our children towards goodness. We help them rise with courage when life grows difficult. In every hug, every story read at bedtime, and every sacrifice made without complaint, mothers build the moral foundation of our families. In doing so, America's mothers help build the soul of our nation. I pray you find enduring strength as your loved one serves in defense of our freedom. Most know my husband as the strong Commander-in-Chief, but his empathy transcends the role and shape a caring leader who constantly remembers each and every American soldier is someone's child. Distinguished guests, please join me with a warm welcome for our president, Donald J. Trump.

[05:14] Donald J. Trump:
Thank you, honey. Great job. So I want to thank everybody for being here. We have so many things to talk about, but there's nothing more important than military moms, that I can tell you, because without you, I don't think we'd be in this house. I don't think this house probably ever would have been built a long time ago. So important. I want to start off by saying we were in our great Vice President's right here and we're in a, I call it a skirmish, because that's what it is, it's a skirmish. And we're doing unbelievably well, as we did in Venezuela, where it was rapid, over in one day. And we're doing pretty much equally as well, I would say, larger, but we're doing very well in Iran. And it's going very smoothly and we'll see what happens. They want to make a deal, they want to negotiate. And I think that military mothers would want to hear that. Do you agree? I think it's appropriate. Somebody was say, 'Oh, that's not appropriate.' I think military mothers want to hear about this stuff. And we have the greatest, we have the greatest military that we've ever had. We have the greatest military in the world by far. There's nobody even close. And I think we've displayed that. I built the military in my first term, much of it. It was when I inherited the military was like when I inherited the border, the border was a mess, and the military was a mess. Many of you know that because you were, you were there to witness it. And now we have the strongest military that we've ever had. We're just getting a approval, a 1.5 trillion dollars to upgrade our military still further. But when I was spending all that money in my first term, it was a great term, very, unbelievably term. We had the best, we had the best economic numbers that the country's ever had. Now we have, we're going to blow them away. We're blowing them away right now. But I built the military in my first term with the help of a lot of great admirals, generals and everybody else. And I didn't know we'd be using it quite so much, but that's okay, and whatever it is. Because in the case of Iran, we're not going to let Iran have a nuclear weapon. We're not going to let that happen. And we won't let that happen. And so we're, we're dealing with people that want to make a deal very much, and we'll see whether or not they can make a deal that's satisfactory to us. We have it very much under control. The blockade is unbelievable. The Navy's been incredible. The job they did, it's like a, it's like a wall of steel, nobody goes through. In particular, the Iranians, they're not getting anything through one way or the other. So they're out of business. And we'll see whether or not they are agreeing, and if they don't agree, they'll end up agreeing shortly thereafter. So that's the way it is. And I thought you might want to have a little rundown. Now the fake news is all happy because they can hear what we had to say. And I have to say J.D.'s doing a fantastic job, he's working with us, with him and all of the team. Marco and we have Steve Witkoff, Jared, we have a whole group, the generals and General Kane has been fantastic, Pete Hegseth, incredible. We have just a great group of people. CIA, John Ratcliffe, he's great. I think Mrs. Ratcliffe's even here someplace. And are you here, Mrs. Ratcliffe? I think somebody said yes. But we have amazing people, we have an amazing military, and I think it's on display. It's sometimes you'd rather not have it be on display, but they're there for a purpose. And the greatest military anywhere in the world and the world is watching us as we do our thing and we have the respect of the world, which we didn't have two years ago. We were a laughingstock all over the world. Now we have the hottest country anywhere in the world in every way. So I just want to congratulate you all because you're a big part of it. And I want to thank you, Melania. Amazing the job you've done. She did a little movie, it became the number one movie now. You know, and I can't exaggerate because if I did, they would be all over. 'It wasn't number one, it was number two, it was number five.' So I can't, I have to be very, very careful, but then it went streaming. It's a different world. I didn't even know what they were talking about. They said, 'Oh,' and it became number one streaming too. So congratulations. That's an amazing achievement. And most importantly, and most importantly to her, she's done an incredible job as First Lady and she's an incredible mom. She has a little boy who's quite tall. He's a little boy to us, but he's quite tall, right? And he's great, Barron, and she takes great care of him. And thank you. Great mom. Today, we're honored to welcome to the White House a group of strong and resilient women who represent the best of our country, the amazing military mothers. So important. And we want to thank you all for being here, so many of you I know or recognize, and I want to thank you very much because there's nothing like the White House, right? Is it, the Crowlers? And by the way, right behind me, see that? You call it a window or a drape. I call it a knockout panel. Because behind that, in fact, if you want to see it, I think we could work it out, but behind that window is a, and drape, in fact the drapes are so nice, I think I'm going to leave them. How am I going to get a nicer something than that? But that's the entrance to the new ballroom that's being built, which everybody, which everybody likes, especially since last Saturday evening they like it even more because it'll have a thing called security. It'll be nice. But right back there is where we're building. So if you hear any pounding noises, the pile drivers are out, it's already up to the first floor, but we're a little bit ahead of schedule, right on budget. But it's going to be something great. It'll be one of the most beautiful buildings of its kind anywhere in the world. And you know, for 150 years, presidents have wanted a room. This is the ballroom right here. This is, and it's too small. We had the King and Queen of a lovely country, United Kingdom. And I had, we would have had at least a thousand, everybody wanted to be here. And we had 112 people because this is a lovely room, but it's not big enough. It's got one and it's been that way for many, many years. So every president's been calling. But I was in a position, being a builder and having built many ballrooms and many other things, I'm good at ballrooms. And we're giving you the, I believe it's the best ever, it'll be the best ever built and it will have windows that are thicker than any ballroom I've ever built. I usually have glass that's about a quarter of an inch thick. This is about six inches thick. This can repel a lot of different, a lot of different weapons. But it's going to be incredible. It's going to be aside from being secure, it's going to be the most, I think it's going to be the most beautiful ballroom ever built and it's something that the, the White House has needed, the presidents have needed. And it's an honor to be involved and it's really has become very popular. When, when people see the design, they really, they really like it and it's been great, gotten some great reviews also. With us is Secretary of Education Linda McMahon, my friend, who's done such a fantastic job, wherever you are, Linda. Hi, Linda. She's great. What a job. Along with Jennifer Hegseth, Jennifer. Hi, Jennifer. He's doing some job, I'll tell you. He's doing a job. You know, he stood up, he was the only one, he was standing up in the ballroom the other day in the event, the White House, we call it, they call it the White House dinner, you know, they were saying, 'Can you use, well, when you use that term, I guess you probably can use it,' but we had a little dinner the other night and your husband was standing on the top of a table. Everyone else was under the table. So that's what we want of our Secretary of War, right? We want somebody who would be standing on top of the table. Everyone else was under the damn table. Anyway, he's spent, he's doing a fantastic job. He and the General, those are great news conferences. We like them, they, they work very well together, I can tell you. The wife of Pete Hegseth and say hello to Pete. Michelle Ratcliffe, Michelle, where is Michelle? I think she's here someplace. Michelle. And the wife of CIA director John Ratcliffe and Jackie Emmer, Jackie. You are so great. Jack, I know Jackie well because her husband and I, we didn't know each other. We, we fought. You know, in politics, you can fight. And then when we got to know each other, we love each other, right? But she always liked Trump and she convinced her husband, who's a big power in the House, she convinced her husband that Trump was much better than he thought. And I remember you, I like you. Now I really like him, he's an incredible, but I'd like you more and I'm always because you were there long before him, right? But Jackie, you're great. I appreciate it. Thank you very much. And as you know, Tom Emmer is the House Majority Whip and he's a fantastic person, real leader, comes from an interesting place, a place that's under investigation by our great vice president. They're finding a lot and Tom Emmer was one of the biggest complainers about what was going on in Minnesota and lots of other places. I also want to say a special thank you to the many moms among our fantastic military aides and social aides who support us here at the White House. They've been incredible, all of you have been so incredible and I want to thank you very much for being with us today. It's beautiful. The women in this room have sacrificed for our country in countless ways. Among you are veterans and active duty service members, proud spouses and the parents of those who serve in uniform, amazing people. The most amazing people. Many of you have missed cherished moments and you really have. You've spent so much time taking care of the ones you love. You've missed holidays, birthday parties, graduations, or even a child's first words. Others have moved more times than anybody can even count. And I don't know if you love doing it or not, but you get very good at it. You have the way, you know the way, you know the way to do it. But you do it all because you love America, you love our country. And this week, as we prepare to celebrate Mother's Day, we take this opportunity on behalf of all of us to say thank you very much for the incredible job you do with love. So it's not, I don't think there's no such thing as a job if you love it, but we'll call it a job nevertheless. The job you do is incredible and everybody respects you so much, you've no idea. So I just want to thank you all and thank you all for being here. Joining us is someone who knows the incredible sacrifice of service, Britney Stevenson from Camp Lejeune. That's a hell of a camp. That's beyond a camp. The, the word camp, I don't know, it doesn't look like a camp to me. Her parents were both Marines and in 1983 her dad survived the Marine barracks bombing in Beirut. We talk about that even to this day, that was something. Britney loved the Marines so much that she married a Marine herself and the love of her life, Taylor. Over 15 years, her family has moved ten homes, ten different homes and been assigned to six duty stations from all over the world. And now her daughter, Ava, is part of the Marine Corps Junior ROTC program and wants to become a Marine as well. So Britney, your family is a definition of Semper Fi and always faithful. And I want to thank you. Where are you? Where are you? Please stand up. Would you like to come up and say, come here, Britney. Come here.

[18:05] Britney Stevenson:
Thank you. I'm not really sure what to say, but this is such an honor and a privilege to be here. I'm truly touched to represent my family, the Marine Corps, Camp Lejeune, and military moms and spouses like you all. So, thank you. You're welcome.

[18:31] Donald J. Trump:
Good job. She had no idea she was going to be doing that, but I looked at her, I said she looks so great, I'm going to get her up here, right? That was beautiful. Thank you very much. As Melania mentioned, we're also honored to be joined by a military mother who sacrificed far more than most, that's Melody Wolf. And you know, I love the name Melody because for a long time, you know, they have spell-correct and word-correct on these crazy machines that we use to put out truths or they used to be called tweets. And every time I wrote Melania, it would correct to Melody. So I'd do things and I worked very fast, very fast, [mumbling noise], and I'd talk about and say, 'And Melania is fantastic and happy Mother's Day, Melania, our great First Lady Melania,' but it would spell-correct and word-correct to Melody. And sometimes I wouldn't proofread it and I'd say, 'Hmm.' And I would get just absolutely decimated. These people would decimate me. They said, 'He didn't know the name of his wife! He keeps calling her...' and I said, 'What the hell is wrong with this machine?' I didn't know about that little feature, but I got that corrected eventually. You know who corrected? The military. I said, 'Come here, you gotta correct this, you're killing me.' I took more abuse. She's been called Melody a lot. Anyway, I had to explain it to you this way. I stood up here to explain it to you. I apologize. Last year, Melody's 24-year-old son, Andrew Wolf of West Virginia National Guard was on patrol in Washington D.C., helping to restore law and order to our capital city. And I spoke to her. This woman is amazing along with her comrade Specialist Sarah Backstrom, who is just, was a fantastic person. He was ambushed by a terrorist and shot in the head. A violent, horrible person did this. Nobody thought Andrew was going to make it, but Melody told me, and I called her that evening in the hospital, 'Sir, I have no doubt.' The doctors said he won't be making it. And as you know, Sarah passed away also from a shot to the head by these people, these horrible, horrible people. But Melody was the one person, in fact, Melody's husband, who's great, he didn't feel the same way. But she said, 'I have no doubt, sir, I'm telling you he's going to be fine. Don't worry about it. He's going to be fine.' I never saw anything. It was really pretty amazing. And she was right. A week went by, another week went by, I'd call. I'd say, 'How's he doing?' 'Sir, he's doing really well.' And the doctors would say, 'I think he maybe will make it.' And she turned out to be right. It was sort of a miracle, actually. And I've never seen, you know, they talk about the power of positive thinking, I've never seen anything like this one, J.D., you wouldn't believe it. He had no chance. I'm telling you and she willed it. And now it's really something very special that I think I hear he's just doing fantastic. It was a Bible verse from the Book of Isaiah: 'Do not fear, for I am with you.' With God's help, Andrew has made a really incredible recovery, it's hard to believe. And during my State of the Union address, we were privileged to award him the Purple Heart. This was a real Purple Heart. This was a, a terrible thing that happened. And Melody, where are you, Melody? There you are. Hi. Haven't seen you in a little while, but it's true the story, right? You were the only one. You know that you were the only one. She was so positive, I don't think she heard anybody else. And your husband's doing okay, and he feels much better about it. He was, he was not feeling too good. I think you should, do you want to say something about your boy and how, come on up here, Melody. No, it's an amazing, it's such an amazing story. Such an amazing story. Come. We went through a couple of bad nights together, right?

[22:50] Melody Wolf:
Yes. Um, I first want to say that we had the nation behind us at a time when nobody thought our boy would make it. He was 24 years old, he was a young man on the streets of D.C. Um, a shot to the left part of his brain. Um, we have a strong faith in God, and God is what brought our son through this. He gave us an amazing backing. He gave us amazing doctors, he gave us amazing nurses, and our community, our nation, our community, our, just all of the support, and the support of the White House medical staff. Incredible. Um, anything that our son needed was met. Um, we are just truly thankful and he, we're a little over five months, he came home from the hospital April 2nd, and he is now enjoying um being home. He's getting back into playing golf. He loves cornhole, as you know. Yes, sure. Um, he loves doing so many activities and so we're truly blessed that we're able to get him into some outpatient care closer to home. Um, we do have another surgery coming up in September and just recovery and is my understand that will happen for quite some time, but um I have no doubt that he will be 100% back to Andrew within a few years, independent, driving, being, being a young bachelor again. So, thank you so much.

[24:55] Donald J. Trump:
That's incredible. Nobody really can understand it, but I was with the general who was fantastic, right? And he said not much of a chance, maybe no chance. I mean, I hate to say it even, but no chance. They all said the same thing and she said, 'No, God is with him, I'm telling you, President, God is with him, he's going to be okay.' And I get reports that he's amazing, right? So congratulations. Thank you very much. You taught us all something. Appreciate it. Also joining us is an outstanding active duty Air Force mom, Lieutenant Colonel Amanda Colazzo. She's an MQ-9 Reaper drone pilot. Whoa, that's pretty good. And evaluator, a weapons officer, and desk officer at the Defense Threat Reduction Agency. She has traveled to 20 countries, flown over 7,000 hours and eliminated many high-value targets. She's a great talent, they say. Our military is strong again and as Amanda says to herself and we are as a nation, we are really respected again. She said that and it's true. So Amanda, thank you very much. Where are you, Amanda? Where's, come on up here, Amanda. I gotta do this. You know, they're not, they're not expected to, but they're doing very well. Come on out. That's great. Thank you very much. Great to be here.

[26:38] Amanda Colazzo:
Well, thank you, Mr. President. Thank you, Melania, for hosting this event. Thank you, Cindy, for inviting me out here. Uh, I just want to say I'm proud to be an American. I am proud to serve our nation in the world's greatest Air Force. Uh, thank you for all of the moms out here and for your spouses, your kids, yourself. So thank you all and Happy Mother's Day.

[27:00] Donald J. Trump:
Great job. Boy, she is very sharp, isn't she? She should be running for office someday. Huh? Great. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. As Commander-in-Chief, I will always support our great service members and their families. We've invested a record-setting trillion and now it's up to 1.5 trillion dollars and all built in the USA, by the way. All right? So it's a lot of jobs too, you know? Some people said I did it for that. Actually, I didn't. I did it for the military, but it's a byproduct. We have tremendous numbers of very talented people building all of the things that we do and we make the best equipment anywhere in the world by far. They're all ordering it for us. In fact, I've given a special edict that the defense companies who have the best equipment, they're not making it fast enough, and now they're all building plants all over the place. I said, 'You're not allowed to buy back stock anymore.' I told some of these people that are making millions and millions of dollars, 'You gotta reduce your salary. I'm going to reduce your salary. You're going to put it into weapons.' And it's been incredible. The spirit we have and they're building, some of them are building six, seven plants right now to make the Patriots and the Tomahawks. Tomahawks are unbelievable. Patriots, unbelievable. We had recently, we had 111 missiles shot at one of our very valuable objects, something called an aircraft carrier. Think of this, 111 missiles, high range, high quality, speed missiles, very high, very fast, very top of the line. 111 out of 111 missiles shot at a, you know, what used to be you'd like to say a billion dollar boat. Now they're about 18 billion dollars. They're expensive. But 111 coming at them at 3,500 miles an hour, all 111 were shot down and didn't even get close to the ship. And they're all laying at the bottom of the ocean along with the Iranian Navy. They're all laying very nicely under under the water. But think of that. Five years ago, a thing like that would have been impossible. Ten years ago, it's not even thinkable. Ronald Reagan actually thought of the concept, they called it Star Wars, but it wasn't a concept that anybody thought would ever work. But you know you have these things coming at you and we have the Patriots, the Patriots are the best of them. And we have other things also, but it's when you think you hit 100% of the missiles coming at, it's not like, 'Oh, let's let a couple get through.' It's not that bad. One gets through, it's problems. So we can do things today and no other country has anything like that. They don't have anything with the with the power, with the strength and with the, you know, it's accuracy. Really, it's accuracy. Gotta hit, it's like, it's like hitting a needle in a haystack, they were saying, and yet they do it every time. It's pretty amazing. And we have the most talented people operating that equipment. For that, you have to be high IQ. And you have to have no choke because you have about 12 seconds to make a decision and take the aim and you have to be very good mathematically, you have to know what you're doing, you have to be very smart. You have to see the education, the schools they go to, the best schools in the world. Some of them come out of, I know I called up a couple, I said, 'Where did you go to school?' 'I went to MIT.' Oh, good. That's good. So it's, you know, we have a, it's a very different, frankly, it's a very different military in many ways. But we have invested a record-setting amount of dollars and the U.S. armed forces is now stronger than it's ever been. And we're getting stronger and getting stronger and it's so important. Every branch is setting records in recruitment. And I'm very proud of the Space Force because that was a branch that a new one that came up and we were losing to Russia and to China in space. And we had it as part of the Air Force, but it wasn't really thought of, you know, once it's part of something and we put a great general in charge and the Space Force is now leading the other countries, China, Russia, and there is no fourth, really. And leading them by we saw numbers the other day, leading, we're leading in space by so much. It's we're never going to be caught. So I'm very proud of Space Force. First time that that's taken place, a new force. The last one was the Air Force and that was 78 years ago. So this is a brand new and we're very proud of it. It's turned out to be I think it's going to be one of our most important as time goes by. A lot of the things that you see, a lot of the accuracy of the weapons is caused because of what we created with Space Force. So we're very proud of that. But every branch is setting records in recruitment when last year if you remember before I came to office, actually after the election it started picking up rapidly to be honest with you. November 5th we had a little election, we did quite well, we won every swing state, we won the popular vote, we won everything, we won 87% of the counties, we won it all. What I will tell you right after that election it started, but before that we had the worst recruiting in the history of our country. People didn't want to be in the armed services, they also they didn't want to be police, they didn't want to be firemen, they didn't want to be anything with a uniform representing our country. And it was the lowest number we've ever had. And I can say very confidently that at this moment we have the highest recruitment, the most successful recruitment for the military, army, navy, the navy, air force, marines, coast guard, space force, all of it. We have the highest recruitment, the best recruitment that we've ever had. We have lines of people wanting to get in. We're taking people based on their fitness and their quality. We're taking you wouldn't believe what the difference it is. And Washington, D.C. is an example and that's why it's so sad when Melody comes up and talks about that one event because you know the numbers in Washington, D.C. are so incredible. The numbers have gone down from from we had a place that was so, so unsafe, our great capital. And now it's considered one of the safest cities anywhere in the United States. We went to Memphis, and Memphis was was a killing field practically, and now it's down, the numbers are down, crime 80%. In New Orleans, Louisiana, the governor called up, Jeff Landry, he said, 'Sir, we have the Mardi Gras coming up and we have a lot of crime in the city. Can you do something?' And we put our people there, mostly National Guard, but whatever's necessary. And we have crime down 79% after two and a half, three months. And by the way, if they had the brains in Chicago, they'd ask us to go there. We'll solve the problem for them very quickly. We'd go to San Francisco very quickly, San Francisco would be so easy for us. We'd go to New York and help them out. We'd love to help them out. And we'd get crime numbers down 70%, 80%, 90% in a matter of months. We took it in, in D.C. was really bad. I don't want to go into the numbers in terms of using the word murder, but it was really bad. And it's gone from that to being we're down 92% and actually I'm trying to figure, you know, the 8% who they are. One of the things we did, and some people like it, but the numbers are the numbers speak for themselves. If you really get down, you see drug traffic coming into our country's way down and by sea, by sea, by ocean, by the water. You know, a lot of people say, 'What do you mean by sea, is it see like vision?' No, it's S-E-A. But it's down 97%. Think of it, 97%. For years they'd grab a boat and they'd bring them in and they'd see a judge and they'd let them out and the next day he's back in his country bringing more drugs in. It nothing worked, it would get worse, worse, worse. Down 97% and we're trying to figure who the 3% are because we consider them to be maybe the bravest people anywhere in the world. You look at those boats, pew pew. And you feel terribly except for one thing, those boats, 25,000 people die from just a couple of those boats. Think of it from drugs, ruin families, ruin everything. And when you see that you say thank you very much. But drugs coming in by sea are down 97%. And now we've started the land force, which is much easier. And you'll hear some complaints from some people in like representatives from Mexico and other places, but if they're not going to do the job, we're going to do the job and they understand that. So that's sort of the easy one by comparison to the sea. We had to do the sea first. You had no idea how much came in by water. And very little, almost nothing is coming in right now. They don't want to do that anymore. But no one should ever doubt the resolve of America's military mothers. They're incredible. From the start of our republic down to today, our nation's been strengthened by the love and devotion and the commitment of incredible women. These are really incredible, you're really incredible women, who've served our country, supported our troops, and poured out their care and compassion for this nation that we all love. So I just want to thank everybody and Happy Mother's Day, and God bless you all. Thank you very much. Thank you.