======================================================================
Transcript: President Trump Delivers Remarks on Trump Accounts
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebH-gklOcl8
Upload date: 2026-01-28
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Event metadata:
  Type: prepared_remarks
  Location: Washington, District of Columbia, US
  Venue: Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium
  Event time: 2026-01-28T15:55:51+00:00
======================================================================
Donald J. Trump:
All right, let's get down to business. That's enough of that. But how good is Lee Greenwood? He was with us right from the beginning. First time I walked onto the stage, I heard that song. I liked it. I said, "Let's use it." That was 10 years ago, and he's been with us all the way. Fantastic guy. There's never been a man that made so much money from one song ever. And I'm happy about it. But I'm delighted to be back in the beautiful Mellon Auditorium. The wonderful family, Tim Mellon, is a great guy. He's the current version of the Mellons. A fantastic person to celebrate a thrilling new milestone for America: the first generation of Trump Account children. Trump Account children. For the first time ever, we're going to give every newborn American child a financial stake in the future, head start in life, and a fair shot at the American dream. Something people don't talk about so much, at least not for the last four years they haven't been. But now they're talking about it big. This last period of time, it's been unbelievable what you see what's going on with our economy, the tremendous investments that's been made in our country. We have over 18 trillion dollars coming in. The most I think was 3, that was 10 years ago in another country, not even our country. We have 18 trillion dollars, and we have thousands of businesses being built all over the country and hundreds of massive plants, so big, car plants, AI plants. With the support of the men and women here in this beautiful room over the next 15 years, we're going to put three to four trillion dollars of wealth into the hands of young Americans who otherwise would have really started out with nothing. It's really an amazing thing because it gives young children that start out with really nothing, and it gives them, boy, it's more money than anybody could imagine. From their standpoint, they'll have a real start in life. And that's why decades from now, I believe the Trump Accounts will be remembered as one of the most transformative policy innovations of all time. And I've done a lot of them. The tax cuts, we've done a lot of them, more than I think anybody. And I think this is going to be one of the most outstanding. Last summer, I signed the Great Big Beautiful Bill... It made this possible too. It actually made this possible. Without it, we wouldn't have been able to do this. Delivering the largest tax cuts in American history, including no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, no tax on social security for our great seniors. And you know we did another thing? When you buy a car now, you get a deduction on the interest payment if you borrow money. So think of that. Rich people get so many deductions. I'm the king of deductions. I love deductions. But people, middle-income people, never had a deduction before. Now they're getting a deduction on interest if they buy a car. That's going to have a huge impact on the automobile. By the way, there's one proviso: it has to be made in America. If the car's made in another country, no thank you. But they're all going to be made in America pretty soon because we have factories coming in from Canada, Mexico, Japan, Germany, all over Europe. They're all coming here to make their cars because they don't want to pay tariffs. Very simple. It wasn't very complicated. You'll see those numbers starting to produce. That's why you see these massive construction numbers and soon when those things start opening, you're going to see employment and you're going to see wealth creation for middle-income people like you've never seen before. Every single Democrat in Congress voted to raise taxes on hardworking citizens. Their whole campaign was raise taxes. I've never heard of it before. All my life I grew up and I hear politicians, "We will cut taxes, we..." This is the only group I've ever seen, "We're going to raise your taxes." No wonder they lost. Actually, there were other reasons also. But together with the majorities in the House and Senate, we overcame their obstruction and we put more money into the pockets of every working American than anyone thought even imaginable. Perhaps no provision of the Great Big Beautiful Bill will prove more consequential than Trump Accounts. Under this program, the U.S. government will automatically create a tax-free investment account for every newborn American child. Something that nobody really would have even thought of. There were some brilliant people that thought of it for a long time. They're here with us today. We're going to introduce a couple of them. But nobody really... I mean, I've had friends at the top people in business they came up to me, "Whose idea was this? This is great. I never thought..." They said, "I never thought of that." We'll fund those personal accounts with a seed contribution of 1,000 dollars, which will compound and grow over the course of their lives and could grow into very, very substantial numbers. Parents, employers, churches, states, and loved ones will also be able to add up to 5,000 dollars in additional money for those accounts. And with every modest contribution, Trump Accounts should reach at least 50,000 dollars in value by the time a child turns 18, and could be very substantially more than that. With slightly greater contributions, the typical account will grow to 100,000, 200,000, and can even grow up to past 300,000 per child. And we think most likely the most likely case is in the 200,000-300,000 range. The size and scale of this wealth will dwarf all government programs ever created to benefit America's youth. There's never been anything like this. That's why everybody's talking about it. Even really people that truly hate me are making this investment. One person hates my guts, he spent, put a billion dollars into it. I said, "You must like this program a lot because you can't stand me." He said, "I do, but I do like you more than you think." They like me more in the last year than they liked me before. Although we had a great first term, remember we had the greatest economy in the history of our country, but this is blowing it away. So, every president... Thank you. Every president in modern history has left our children with nothing but debt. But under this administration, we're going to leave every child with real assets and a shot at financial freedom. We'll ensure that Americans don't just end their lives with a nest egg, but instead, all Americans will begin their lives with a beautiful nest egg. There's never been anything quite like this. I want to express my tremendous gratitude to a very special couple who believed so strongly in this vision right from the beginning that they personally donated 6.25 billion dollars. That's 6 billion 250... even the 250's a lot of money when you think. I mean, you know, Nicki, do you hear that money? That's big, even compared to rapping all the money she makes, she's hears a number like that, she says, "How many songs do I have to make to catch that?" But amazing, amazing thing: 6 billion 250 million dollars to fund Trump Accounts for an additional 25 million children age 10 and under. And that's Michael and Susan Dell. Two incredible people. Where are you, Michael? Where's Michael? Stand up, Michael. What a great guy. What a great guy. You know, I tell you, he didn't do it for his business. He did it, I guess probably would have been better off not doing it, that's a lot. But you know what I hope? Everybody goes out and buys Dell computers. My son, I told you Barron, he loves that computer. I don"t know what the hell you"re doing to it, but he likes it. But I just want to thank you very much and Susan. It"s unbelievable, really unbelievable what you"ve done. So Michael and Susan made this donation in recognition of America"s 250th anniversary because there"s no better way to honor America"s history than to invest in America"s future. That"s what they did. And this is perhaps the largest, one of the largest certainly, but perhaps the largest private donations of all time. That"s a lot, 6 billion 250 million. And somebody did say that, a friend of mine, very rich, he"s going to put up 100 million dollars and he said, "Jeez, you know, think of it, the 250 that Michael has is a lot more than mine that I haven"t even talked about the 6 billion." But anyway, it"s amazing when Michael can start off with very little money and build a fortune where he can, you know, routinely make such a payment and investment in the youth of our country. Michael, you"re great. Thank you, man. Thank you. And I also want to say hello to and thank some very special people that have been with my administration and really become friends of mine. On occasion, I have little arguments, but generally, I would say really good. And who"s doing and start off with a man who"s doing a phenomenal job, Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent. Scott, thank you very much. Scott. And he loved this right from the beginning, Scott, right? He saw this and he said, "Wow, what a great idea that is. This is, you know, hundreds of thousands of dollars by the time they reach 18, but we can go 21, they can keep it in longer." But he saw this right from the beginning. He said, "Wow, this is great." And we have some other ideas that will be great. But this was one that just hit everybody. This was an easy one to think about. And again, that bill allowed us to do this. Otherwise, can you imagine trying to get this approved by Democrats and Republicans? Let"s get together. We got it done. Also, a man who"s made your life much easier because those of you that are building plants and equipment so you can give your money, ultimately you"re giving your money away anyway no matter how much you make. But he"s made it a lot easier. You know approvals for big plants used to take 20 years, 25 years, and then you"d get rejected actually. You"d go 20 years environmentally and they"d reject you. You finally, think of it, a guy starts young, he starts an approval process, by the time he"s middle-aged they take a vote and he loses. It"s not worth it. But we have a man that"s getting these things done in a matter of weeks, and the biggest plants in the world are being built right now and he"s getting them done fast. He"s getting electric plants built so that we can buy them. They"re paying for them. They want to pay for them so they can open up their AI plants and they can open up their automobile plants and lesser so the automobiles, believe it or not, take much less electricity. You"re going to have to tell me why you need so much electricity to create information. I said, "What"s your primary product?" "Information." "Oh, I see. Information." It better be damn good information for the kind of money. But Lee Zeldin is a star, and he has been incredible. Thank you, Lee. And you know, I have to say this: Scott and I were talking about it. So Lee went out to California after the fire, which would have never happened if they would have let the water flow from the Pacific Northwest, which everybody"s been telling them, including me. Now I just opened it up. We literally sent in the military to open it up. But if they would have let, you wouldn"t have had the fires because you would have had a little thing called old-fashioned way, water in the fire hydrants as opposed to empty fire hydrants. You would have had water in most of the houses, had the sprinklers on top, no, there was no water in their sprinkler in their living room. All those fires wouldn"t have started. But they did start. And I will say that Lee, the most difficult permit was Lee. I went there a couple of days after the fire, met so many people on the streets who were, in many cases, fairly wealthy people, some very rich people, some of the best houses in California burned down. And I said to them, "So what do you want to do?" They said, "Sir, we want to start immediately, immediately." "Well, we"ll get you permits." Now, the hardest permit, Lee, was the federal permit. Is that right? He got everything done in 20 days, right? The whole thing? Is that a correct statement or less? 20 days. So he got everything done, 100% ready to go. And I went for a meeting and this mayor, who"s a grossly incompetent person, she said, "We"re going to try and have the permits done within two years." Remember that? I got into an argument. I said, "You mean within two days, right?" She said, "No." And I"m meeting all these people as I"m walking along the streets with the fire departments and the policemen and they"re all devastated. You know, they"re still smoldering. They weren"t even allowed to go on their property. The Environmental Protection Agency, local, said, "Don"t go on your property." Okay, we said, "Okay, don"t worry about it." Any problem is gone. Any problem is burned. Any germs are burned. They"re burned. They were burned. Nobody"s ever seen anything like it. But all so unnecessary that it happened. But we got it all done in 20 days, the whole place. And yet now, still more than a year later, they don"t have permits. Almost nobody is building. So I haven"t told this to Lee Zeldin yet, but I"m going to put you in charge of getting permits. I think we"re going to override the local authorities because they"re never going to have it. And when I was told that there"s a provision where you can override the local authority to get things done in case of, because it"s really to me it"s a national emergency what they"ve done to these people is horrible. It"s just horrible. And they"ll still vote Democrat. Can you believe it? After all this, they"ll still... they get used to it. Although I must say we converted many. We"ll probably convert a lot more. But I just want them to get into their houses. And I don"t want a big section of the area built into low-income housing. They want to put low-income housing right smack in the middle of it. And that"s not the American dream, you know. You didn"t do that. And low-income housing is great. I built a lot of low-income housing. But you don"t put it there. This is one of the richest neighborhoods in the world, and we"re going to let those people and I recommended strongly that everybody gets the approval, immediate approval to build their house and you give them a 10% bonus so they can build a house 10% larger than they had before if they want for all the suffering they"ve been caused. So, Lee, if you want, will you accept the job? He"s under a lot of stress. Okay. All right. Override those people. Those people are incompetent. Between the mayor and the governor, they"re incompetent. They"ll never get approved. They"ll never get approved. So do whatever you can, Lee. There"s a provision that you"re allowed to do it, and we will, I"ll sign it in two seconds, frankly. It"ll never ever, it"ll never happen. I also want to introduce a man, Frank Bisignano. Now, if you met Frank and if you knew Frank, he"s quiet, but he"s actually a stone-cold killer. He was one of the biggest people in business. He would have been sitting with you. In fact, now he"s got a better seat because he"s working for the government. He"s head of a lot of things. But the job he"s done in this country is great, and he"s working on Social Security and a thing called the IRS. He"s working with Scott on both of them, really, but the IRS in particular, and he is a fantastic man. Where are you, Frank? Took the biggest pay cut in history. He went from being paid 35 million a year to being paid about 35 dollars a year. I think you may have taken the biggest pay cut in history. He"d be close. He"d be one of the top five because a few people have done that. A few billionaires have sort of left. But Frank has gone from one of the most successful people. He he worked with Jamie Dimon. I don"t think Jamie likes me too much nowadays, but that"s okay. I never minded that. But Frank, you are fantastic, and you"re doing a great job. We appreciate it. Thank you. And thank you to the family. The Director of National Economic Council, a man who"s in the news a lot. You know, my only problem is I don"t want to lose him. I will tell you, he"s working from a big deficit because I don"t want to lose him. He"s so good, Kevin Hassett. Thank you, Kevin. Thank you, Kevin. A friend of mine, a Senator who has been unbelievable. She"s a tremendous woman, tremendously married to a great football player. She"s married... her husband is a massive man. This guy, he played in the NFL, I guess, for 11 years. He was top-of-the-line player. I met him, I said, "That"s not a normal situation. Look at this guy." This guy was seriously powerful big, and he"s as nice as he is big. And she is one of our best senators, Senator Katie Britt. Thank you. Thank you, darling. From Alabama. I love Alabama. Very... we have, we love Alabama. Marsha Blackburn is an incredible person. Unfortunately, she"s running for governor. She"s running for governor of Tennessee. I"d love her not to. I"ve begged her, I said, "Marsha, don"t, we don"t want to lose you in the Senate." But I have to say they"re lucky, they"re lucky to get you because you are a... you"re a talent and a great person, and you"ve been with me all the way and I appreciate it. And you"re a very special person. Marsha, stand up, please. And a Senator who"s a friend of mine, you wouldn"t believe that because we went through a rough campaign together. It was nasty. We got along so well and every... we actually did joint rallies, can you believe it? He wanted to get some more action, so he"s smart. He said, "Would you do a rally with me?" But we we did joint rallies, and the press used to say, "Will you ever start fighting?" I said, "Don"t worry, it"ll come." He said the same thing, "Don"t worry, it"ll come." He"s a very tough guy, very brilliant guy. In fact, when I said, you know, because I had never gone into a debate before officially, my whole life was a debate, but I"d never debated before officially. And I I said, "Let me find out about my competition. Who are these people?" because many of them, you know, they were senators and mostly senators and governors. And I said, "Well, what do we start with this guy named Ted Cruz?" Let me, you know, give me... Well, he was the best student at Harvard, number one in his class. He was the best student at Princeton or something. And he was the National Debate Champion for three years. And I said, "Well, I don"t like that. I didn"t know that. I don"t like that." And he was a very good debater, I will tell you that. He"s a smart guy. But I"ll never forget because he was the first one I looked at. You know, I just joined the ranks of politics. And the first famous one... it was the Rosie O"Donnell, remember that? Only Rosie O"Donnell. We... they in Ireland you can keep her. Ireland"s done us a tremendous... The head of Ireland said, "Are all your people this way? We don"t want that." But but Ted Cruz has one thing that I like: if I ever have problems because it"s hard to get people approved, he"s a brilliant legal mind, he"s a brilliant man. If I nominate him for the United States Supreme Court, I will get 100% of the vote. The Democrats will vote for him because they want to get him the hell out, and the Republicans will vote for him because they want to get him the hell out too. Where"s Ted? Where are you, Ted? And with all of that being said, he"s a great guy too. He"s a great guy. We"ve become friends, and he"s a very effective person too. Thank you, Ted, very much. A man knows more about tax than anybody that I know, Jason Smith, Congressman. Wonderful person. Thanks, Jace. Thank you, Jason. Great job. Idaho Governor Brad Little. Terrific guy. Thank you, Brad. Georgia Lieutenant Governor Burt Jones, who hopefully will be the Governor of Georgia very shortly. They have a big race, he"s leading by a lot in the polls. He was outstanding as a Lieutenant Governor, he"s great everywhere, and I"ve endorsed him fully. So I don"t want to, you know, do anything that you don"t know about. I have given him my complete and total endorsement, Burt Jones. Where are you, Burt? Thank you, Burt. Great guy. Chief Design Officer of the United States, Joe Gebbia. Joe, thank you. Great idea, great ideas. Also we have Mr. Wonderful, Kevin O"Leary. I like Kevin O"Leary. Where"s Kevin O"Leary? Come on, Kevin. It"s so nice. He"s with me 90% of the time. But when he"s with me, he"s really with me. Great. And we got the TikTok deal done. Who the hell thought we could do that, right? I know, I wish... he wanted to buy TikTok so much. And I would have done it, but his price was slightly lower. Slightly. He wants... he"s fantastic. What a good... you"re an entertainer, businessman, you had the whole quality so I I appreciate... I know what you did. Having done The Apprentice, I see you on television. You have what it takes, right? So I appreciate it and thanks for all the nice things you do. And Cheryl Hines. Where"s Cheryl? Wow. Married to a very, very powerful, important man. And I said, "I"ll tell you Bobby, she"s strong." I watched her in an interview. I said, "Bobby, you keep him in line, don"t you? Huh?" She said, "Yes, I do." She"s got no choice. He"s doing a great job and so are you. Yeah, he"s doing a great job. He"s doing a very different kind of a job too, and he"s doing things that people have wanted to do for a long time and they didn"t, they didn"t have the courage. So say hello to Bobby, okay? We"re also pleased... my daughter she went crazy when she heard that this was happening. "I want to go!" you know, she happens to be in the wrong state right now for that, but when she heard that there"s a certain person that"s here who"s the greatest and most successful female rapper in history, Nicki Minaj. Come on! And Nicki makes a lot of cash. Not as much as Michael Dell, not quite. Not as much. But that"s okay. But Nicki makes a lot of money, and she"s generously stepping up, she"s investing hundreds of thousands of dollars in Trump Accounts to support the children and really, really the children of her incredible fans. That"s great. Focus on that. Why should you give to somebody else? Just give to your fans. I like that. But I just think she"s great. You know, I"ve been hearing so much over the years because I didn"t know Nicki, and I"ve been hearing over the years she"s a big Trump supporter and a Trump fan, and she took a little heat on occasion. Her community isn"t necessarily, I"ll tell you we did pretty damn well with that, with your community as we as we say. But Nicki has been an unbelievable supporter. She gets more... she gets almost as much as Mr. Wonderful over here. He"s been another one that"s been so good. But I"d like to ask you to come up, Nicki. Come on up. Come on. She"s been such a great supporter and a great supporter of Trump Accounts. And I said, "I am going to let my nails grow because I love those nails. I"m going to let those nails grow." She"s so good. She"s been... she"s been MAGA. What can I say? She"s been with us all the way, right Alex? She"s been with us all the way and just want to thank her. And it wasn"t so easy. For you it was easier, right? You want to come up? You want to come up, Mr. Wonderful? Come on up here. You"ve been terrific. Come on up.

Nicki Minaj:
Hello! Uh, well, I don't know what to say, but I will say that, um, I am probably the President's number one fan. And that's not going to change. And the hate or what people have to say, it does not affect me at all. It actually motivates me to support him more. And it's going to motivate all of us to support him more. We're not going to let them get away with bullying him and, you know, the smear campaigns, it's not going to work, okay? He has a lot of force behind him and God is protecting him. Amen.

Kevin O'Leary:
On behalf of all the entrepreneurs in America, I'd like to thank you, Mr. President, because we create 72% of the jobs. Companies 5 to 500 employees, and all we care about is policy. We love policy, pro-business policy, and these accounts are fantastic for independence and support. I thank you very much. It's all about the entrepreneur, and I think you know that, sir. Thank you.

Donald J. Trump:
Well, that was great. A little interlude. I don't know, that's better than getting Scott Bessent up. Thank you both very much. Two terrific people. When Trump Accounts officially launch on July 4th of this year, every parent will be able to activate their accounts and access the funds at the trumpaccounts.gov. So it's all set up, all ready to go. It's beautiful. The site is beautiful. On that glorious day, we also expect to have commitments from generous private individuals in all 50 states and they'll be making additional contributions for children in their own states. And already legendary investor Ray Dalio has pledged to adopt the entire state of Connecticut. That's pretty good, Michael. And thank you very much, Ray. Great legend. And today, one of the original advocates of this program has agreed to adopt his home state of Indiana, Brad Gerstner. And Brad's here some place. Where's Brad? Come on, Michael and Brad, would you come up here please? Come up here. I mean, this isn't exactly Mr. Wonderful and Nicki, but I think they might be worth more money than Mr. Wonderful, right? Just... these guys are worth a lot of money. But Brad is donating... listen to this: 250 dollars to Trump Accounts for all children under five in Indiana. So every children, all the children under five, 250 and he'll be donating tens of millions of dollars more in matching contributions to millions of children all across the country. He's going to make a massive donation, already we know what it is. Brad is not only one of the most successful business people, he's the founder of the Invest America Foundation, and he's been working on this idea for years and he was the one he went over to see Michael, Michael loved it. And those two were a hell of a team along with Mrs. Dell, who's been so great, Susan. I also delighted to report that dozens of major employers have signed up to add the Trump Account contributions to their employee benefit packages, including Uber, Schwab, Charter Communications, and many, many others. And just today it was announced that Intel, NVIDIA, Broadcom, IBM, Steak 'n Shake, Coinbase, Continental Resources, and Comcast have all signed up for really big contributions. So I want to thank them. I want to have you two guys come up. Would you say a couple of words, Brad and Michael? Would you say a couple of words? That's fantastic. Only Indiana, you can't do bigger. We love Indiana. But you know, how about Indiana, Iowa? No. We appreciate big numbers. Thank you. Thank you.

Brad Gerstner:
Well, four years ago, we set off on a journey to reconnect every child in America with the American dream. This President ran on a mainstream agenda that too many people had been left out and left behind. And his articulation of no tax on tips, that doesn't help rich folks. That helps those left out and left behind. No tax on Social Security, no tax on overtime. And when Ted Cruz authored the Invest America Act in the Senate, and Michael Dell partnered with me to bring the private sector to bear on this, we had the opportunity that this President was willing to sign. He immediately understood the impact that this wasn't about the wealthy folks in America, this was about the 50 million American families who will be lifted up and reconnected to the American dream. Because this is now the law of the land forevermore. Every child in America from rural Missouri to rural Indiana, from Trenton to Compton, is going to start off life with an investment account at birth, seeded with 1,000 dollars where they privately own NVIDIA and Microsoft, all the greatest companies in this country, right? Not dependent on government, independent from government. Not more socialism; the answer to more socialism is more capitalism. This makes every child in America a capitalist from birth and it would not have happened without the leadership of our Treasury Secretary, Scott Bessent, without the leadership of the Speaker and Ted Cruz in the Senate. But most importantly, and every business leader in America will tell you this: for too long they had no access in Washington to the White House. People didn't want to hear their ideas. This President is voracious in his desire to hear from America's leaders about how to make America better. This is citizen democracy at its best, an idea that started around a kitchen table in Silicon Valley makes its way to this day. I'm humbled and honored to be here, and I'm grateful for your leadership.

Michael Dell:
Thank you, Mr. President. Uh, you know as you heard from Brad, you know the fact that this bill got passed itself was a was a miracle, and it creates a platform for communities, for families, for corporations, for philanthropists to add to these accounts. And in not too many years, essentially every child in America will have savings invested in the greatest companies in this country. And that will change the face of this country over the next 10, 20, 30 years. And we couldn't be more excited about this and the opportunity to make a difference. You know the best investment a country can make is in its people, especially in its children, and this creates an incredible platform for that to occur at enormous scale and we're excited to see it all come together. Thank you all so much.

Donald J. Trump:
Fantastic job. Thank you. Fantastic job. Those are two fantastic people, I can tell you that. I want to give a very special thanks to some of the CEOs here this morning. Vlad Tenev of Robinhood. What a job he's done. Where's Vlad? What a job you've done. Young guy. Nice young guy too. Arjun Sethi of Kraken. Arjun, thank you very much, wherever you are. Thank you. Anthony Noto of SoFi Technologies. SoFi. Thank you very much, Anthony. Great. These are the ones you read about. And Bill Ackman is here, Pershing Square, and Hock Tan of Broadcom, and so many others that I if I name them we'll be up here all day. But I just want to say that what a job you've all done. Incredible job, everybody. Just about everybody in this room. Not everybody, I'm not in love with everybody, but a couple of them I don't like very much. But if they're here, I'm starting to like them a lot better because they're here for a very good reason. I'm officially calling on all employers all across America to follow the lead of many of these amazing companies and make matching Trump Account contributions to benefit for the American worker, and they're going to benefit the American worker so much. This morning, I'm also pleased to announce that Visa is creating a brand-new platform which will allow credit card holders to deposit their cash back rewards directly into Trump Accounts. That's a big deal, Visa. Thank you. Where's Visa? The head of Visa. Thank you very much, Visa. These initiatives could not come at a better moment because there's never been a better time to invest in the United States of America than right now. Who knew it would have happened this fast? I inherited a mess. We were a country that was laughed at a year and a half ago. We were laughed at. Now we're the hottest country anywhere in the world, nobody even close. So, you know, who knew this was going to take place this quickly? Right, Michael? I didn't think it was going to go that fast. I knew we were going to do it, but I thought it would take a couple of years at least. We just a couple of days longer than the first year, so it's really amazing. And just this morning as I'm running out, I see the S&P 500 hit 7,000 for the first time ever, ever. So I say America is back. America is back. Since the election, the stock market has set 52 all-time record highs, adding 9 trillion dollars in value, and 18 trillion dollars of investment is pouring into the country. It's going to be higher than that. Just over one year ago, we were a country that lost its way, we were mocked and scorned. And every American child will now be and have access to something that is really incredible and they can watch directly the economic boom that's taking place. This is a boom that's taking place the likes of which we've really never seen. I don't think people, you know, get it yet. Not a lot of people they don't get it. They don't see the thousands of businesses being built, the hundreds and hundreds of massive factories that are going up all over. But they're going to start to see it. They're starting to see it. I mean if they're modestly intelligent, if they're very intelligent, they saw it about a year ago. With us today is Craig Smith, a fourth-generation family farmer and volunteer firefighter from Culpeper, Virginia, along with his wonderful wife Heather. Craig and Heather have an 18-month-old son and a 1-month-old that they also welcomed just recently. Twin boys. And they can't wait to activate Trump Accounts for all three of their children this July 4th. Craig and Heather, do you want to come up here, Craig and Heather? Where are you, Craig and Heather? Come on up, Craig and Heather. Come on up. It meant so much to them. You know, people write letters, every once in a while you get a letter you it just hits you. Craig and Heather, come on up. Thank you. That's great. Wow, look at this family, huh? They're a rich family now. The kids are richer than the parents. This is the way we want it. Oh, thank you very much. Wow, thanks so much. Oh, you'd like to say something.

Heather Smith:
We just want to thank President Trump for all of his hard work and dedication to American families and farm families like ours. Farming is not always easy and sometimes margins are tight, so investments like this into our children really help us to buy diapers and formula and not have to worry about making financial decisions for them this early on. So thank you very much, President Trump.

Donald J. Trump:
Thank you very much, so nice. Also joining us today is the Goings family from Fayetteville, Arkansas. Charlie works in manufacturing, and he's here with his wife Savannah, his high school sweetheart. In 2022, Charlie and Savannah opened their home to foster care, expecting to take in one child, but soon they were taking in a family of three siblings and formally adopting them. A short time later, Charlie and Savannah also welcomed a biological daughter. Trump Accounts will give each of these children a much better start in life. And Charlie and Savannah, where are you? Are you down there? Want you want to come up? Come on up here, Charlie, real fast. We're holding up a lot of big business people. We can't hold them up. Michael will take back his donation. He'll say, "I want my money back." Come on up here. These are great families, but there's millions and millions of families that are going to be so amazed and so happy what's taken place. Sort of a miracle, I think. Nice to see you. How are you? How are you? Oh, look at that. So nice. How are you? Wow, do you want to say something? Oh, I'd love to hear it.

Charlie Goings:
Thank you, President Trump, for having my family and me here today. Uh, my wife and I have spent the better part of our adult lives working to advance children in our community, and it was our faith that first led us to open our home to foster care, and it was God's plan that that allowed us to absolutely... and it was God's plan that allowed us to adopt three amazing children out of foster care, to welcome so many more, and of course, this past year welcomed our youngest daughter Florence into the world. It's through our experience that we've seen how opportunity or the lack thereof can really impact a child at the very beginning stages of their life before they even get a chance themselves. And that's why my wife and I, along with some of the work that the First Lady is doing, we are working to help foster families and foster and adoptive families personally in in our state with protections and support in our home state of Arkansas. You know, every child deserves hope, stability, and a strong chance at a future, a strong future. And for young families especially like ours, that your first priorities are, of course, your diapers and your wipes and your car seats and all that stuff, and so starting and investing into a investment account is not necessarily on the top of the priority list. And we're so thankful to have this. And I think this sends a powerful message that this administration believes that financial opportunity can start early, that it is intentional, and that it can impact every single family. And my wife and I are so excited that this administration has placed families and children like ours at the forefront of economic policy. And we're so excited for the future of the children and for this country. Thank you.

Donald J. Trump:
That's a great job. I was wondering how much longer he could... did you notice it? It was getting heavy and he's still 50 pounds or something. I said, "How much longer is that?" and finally, it broke loose. But you could see a loving father there, couldn't you, huh? The way he did that, right? Wasn't that a loving father? I watched that, he was grabbing. That's a great family. Thank you very much both, beautiful. So in conclusion, the ultimate success of the Trump Accounts will be measured not just in the wealth created. It'll be seen in young people buying houses that they could never have even dreamed of buying. It'll be seen in diplomas earned, companies founded, families formed, and more babies born. It'll really be seen in something where you're given a chance, you're given a chance at life, a very good chance. Above all, Trump Accounts will help bring the hope and prosperity to every community that every community wants to see, and it'll bring back the American dream. The American dream is so beautiful. I would mention it all the time when I'm running. Whenever I run, I talk about the American dream because that's what we want to create. Others don't talk about it. But we have the American dream back, I think now, better than maybe better than ever before. For generations, Washington politicians have done nothing to take from the hardworking people of our country. They take and take. They do nothing but take. They've made workers' lives harder, sent prices higher, pushed your dreams out of reach. And both parties, I mean they didn't do the job that they were supposed to do. Some were fighting, and sometimes we fight against some of the great politicians we have here. They fight with me, most of them. And we fight to make things better. But we run into walls of other politicians that either don't want to do something or they almost feel like it's a destruction of our country. But now we're doing something much better than giving the next generation a handout; we're giving them ownership of America's future so that they can grow up, chart their own destiny and make our nation greater and stronger and better than ever before. So I just want to thank all of the people that participated today, the great business leaders, the great celebrities, and all of the people that are in this room. You've done so much, and I just want to also give a little bit of a shout-out to a lot of great politicians that are right now voting in some very important measures, plus the politicians in this room. They have really worked hard on this. This is something that it's amazing that it got done. If you knew the political process, it was very complex, very hard to get done, to get all of those votes together. But we did, and it's going to be great for America. And Brad and Michael, thank you both very much. Special, special people. Thank you very much. And God bless everybody in the room and God bless America. Thank you very much for being here. Thank you. Thank you.