======================================================================
Transcript: President Trump Delivers Remarks, Feb. 20, 2026
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hr4ql_ejTns
Upload date: 2026-02-20
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Event metadata:
  Type: prepared_remarks
  Location: Washington, District of Columbia, US
  Venue: The White House
  Event time: 2026-02-20T17:53:11+00:00
======================================================================
[00:12] President Trump:
Wow, that's a lot of people. That's a new record. We set a record every time. Well, thank you very much for being here. The Supreme Court's ruling on tariffs is deeply disappointing, and I'm ashamed of certain members of the court, absolutely ashamed for not having the courage to do what's right for our country. I'd like to thank and congratulate Justices Thomas, Alito, and Kavanaugh for their strength and wisdom and love of our country, which is right now very proud of those justices. When you read the dissenting opinions, there's no way that anyone can argue against them. There's no way. Foreign countries that have been ripping us off for years are ecstatic. They're so happy. And they're dancing in the streets, but they won't be dancing for long, that I can assure you. The Democrats on the court are thrilled, but they will automatically vote no. They're an automatic no, just like in Congress, they're an automatic no. They're against anything that makes America strong, healthy, and great again. They also are a frankly disgrace to our nation, those justices. They're an automatic no no matter how good a case you have, it's a no. But you can't knock their loyalty. It's one thing you can do with some of our people. Others think they're being politically correct, which has happened before far too often with certain members of this court, and it's happened so often with this court. What a shame, having to do with voting in particular, when in fact they're just being fools and lapdogs for the RINOs and the radical left Democrats and not that they should have anything at all to do with it. They're very unpatriotic and disloyal to our Constitution. It's my opinion that the court has been swayed by foreign interests and a political movement that is far smaller than people would ever think. It's a small movement. I won by millions of votes. We won in a landslide with all the cheating that went on, there was a lot of it, but we still won in a landslide too big to rig. But these people are obnoxious, ignorant, and loud, they're very loud and I think certain justices are afraid of that. They don't want to do the right thing, they're afraid of it. This was an important case to me, more as a symbol of economic national security and also I would say just for our country itself, so important because we're doing so well as a country. We've never done so well. The good news is that there are methods, practices, statutes, and authorities as recognized by the entire court in this terrible decision and also as recognized by Congress, which they refer to, that are even stronger than the IEEPA tariffs available to me as President of the United States. And in actuality, I was very modest in my ask of other countries and businesses because I wanted to do and I think very important, I wanted to be very well-behaved because I wanted to do anything I didn't want to do anything that would affect the decision of the court because I understand the court. I understand how they're very easily swayed. I wanted to be a good boy. I have very effectively utilized tariffs over the past year to make America great again. Our stock market has just recently broken 50,000 on the Dow and simultaneously and even more amazingly broken 7,000 on the S&P, two numbers that everybody thought upon our landslide election victory could not be attained. Think of that, nobody thought it was possible to do it within four years and we did it in one year. We broke every record in the book and we're continuing to do so. Tariffs have likewise been used to end five of the eight wars that I settled. I settled eight wars whether you like it or not, including India-Pakistan, big ones, nuclear could have been nuclear. Prime Minister of Pakistan said yesterday at the great meeting that we had, the Peace Board, he said yesterday that President Trump could have saved 35 million lives by getting us to stop fighting. They were getting ready to do some bad things, but they've given us great national security these tariffs have and together with our strong borders reduced fentanyl coming into our country by 30% when I used them as a penalty against countries illegally sending this poison into our country to poison our youth. All of those tariffs remain, they all remain. I don't know if you know that or not, they all remain. We're still getting them and we will after the decision. I guess there's nobody left to appeal to, but again those three people such respect I've had a lot of respect for them anyway but such great respect. But other alternatives will now be used to replace the ones that the court incorrectly rejected. We have alternatives, great alternatives, could be more money, we'll take in more money and we'll be a lot stronger for it. We're taking in hundreds of billions of dollars, we'll continue to do so. To show you how ridiculous the opinion is, however, the court said that I'm not allowed to charge even one dollar, I can't charge one dollar. Can't charge a dollar. I would have used one penny but we don't make the pennies anymore we save money. Can't charge one dollar to any country under IEEPA, not one dollar. I assume to protect other countries this must have been done to protect those other countries certainly not the United States of America, which they should be interested in protecting. That's what they're supposed to be protecting. But I am allowed to cut off any and all trade or business with that same country. In other words, I can destroy the trade, I can destroy the country. I'm even allowed to impose a foreign country destroying embargo. I can embargo, I can do anything I want to do to them but I can't charge one dollar because that's not what it says and that's not the way it even reads. I can do anything I want to do to them but I can't charge any money. So I'm allowed to destroy the country but I can't charge them a little fee. I could give them a little two cent fee but I cannot charge under any circumstances, I cannot charge them anything. Think of that, how ridiculous is that? I'm allowed to embargo them, I'm allowed to tell them you can't do business in the United States anymore, we want you out of here, but if I want to charge them ten dollars I can't do that. It's incorrect, their decision's incorrect, but it doesn't matter because we have very powerful alternatives that have been approved by this decision. You know they've been approved by the decision for those that thought they had us. And they're saying that I have the absolute right to license but not the right to charge a license fee. So think of that, I have the right to license, which is a very powerful word, in many ways license is more powerful than tariffs, in fact I was thinking about using it. But they came up with the idea that I can license, just like the people that were opposing me told them to do, but not the right to charge a license fee. Think of that, whoever heard of such a thing? What license has ever been issued without the right to charge a fee? You get a license you charge a fee, it's automatic, but not with this court. But now the court has given me the unquestioned right to ban all sorts of things from coming into our country, to destroy foreign countries, but a much more powerful right than many people ever thought we even had but not the right to charge a fee. How crazy is that? Our country is the hottest country anywhere in the world right now and it was a dead country one and a half years ago under an incompetent President. But now I'm going to go in a different direction, probably the direction that I should have gone the first time, but I read the language I'm very good at reading language and it read our way 100% but now I'll go the way I could have gone originally which is even stronger than our original choice, as Justice Kavanaugh, whose stock has gone so well you have to see I'm so proud of him, wrote in his dissent: 'Although I firmly disagree with the court's holding today, the decision might not substantially constrain a President's ability to order tariffs going forward.' So night think of that, the decision might not substantially constrain, and it doesn't, he's right. In fact I can charge much more than I was charging. So I'm going to just start. 'Although I firmly disagree with the court's holding today, the decision might not substantially constrain a President's ability to order tariffs going forward. That's because numerous other federal statutes,' which is so true, 'authorize the President to impose tariffs and might justify most, if not all, of the tariffs issued in this case.' Even more tariffs actually. 'Those statutes include,' think of that, 'those statutes include for example the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, Section 232,' all of these things I know so well, 'the Trade Act of 1974, Sections 122, 201, 301, and the Tariff Act of 1930, Section 338,' all clear. But it's a little bit longer process. I thought I'd make things simple but they didn't let us do that. I would like to thank Justice Kavanaugh for his frankly his genius and his great ability. Very proud of that appointment. In actuality while I am sure that they did not mean to do so, the Supreme Court's decision today made a President's ability to both regulate trade and impose tariffs more powerful and more crystal clear rather than less. I don't think they meant that, I'm sure they didn't. It's terrible. And to think that the Democrats who oppose this only because they want to go the opposite way, they'd like to pack the court, they want to put on 21 people, they want to pack the court, pack the Supreme Court, maybe they should do it. Maybe it would be better off if they did it. They want to pack the court, they want to do anything to hurt our country. There will no longer be any doubt and the income coming in and the protection of our companies and country will actually increase because of this decision. I don't think the court meant that, but that's the way it is. Based on longstanding law and hundreds of victories and even as I was pointed out before even thousands of victories over the years to the contrary, the Supreme Court did not overrule tariffs. They merely overruled a particular use of IEEPA tariffs and essentially it's the use to get a fee. I can do anything I want with IEEPA, anything, I just can't charge anybody for it. I can license, I just can't charge them. It's ridiculous but it's okay because we have other ways, numerous other ways. The ability to block, embargo, restrict, license, or impose any other condition on a foreign country's ability to conduct trade with the United States under IEEPA has been fully confirmed by this decision. So now there's no doubt because you know there were a lot of questions about tariffs because no President was smart enough to use them to protect our country from those countries and businesses that were ripping us off. You took a look at the deficits that we had with some of these countries, it was disgraceful what they got away with for many, many decades. But now we know because this decision affirms all those things that some people weren't sure about in order to protect, and it says so, in order to protect our country, a President can actually charge more tariffs than I was charging in the past period of a year under the various tariff authorities. So we can use other of the statutes, other of the tariff authorities, which have also been confirmed and are fully allowed. Therefore effective immediately, all national security tariffs under Section 232 and existing Section 301 tariffs, they're existing, they're there, remain in place, fully in place and in full force and effect. Today I will sign an order to impose a 10% global tariff under Section 122 over and above our normal tariffs already being charged and we're also initiating several Section 301 and other investigations to protect our country from unfair trading practices of other countries and companies. Thank you for your attention to this matter and I say quite simply what I've said for a long time: Make America Great Again. And interestingly we've already made it great, so I don't have to use that but I don't think we'll ever give up on MAGA. MAGA's always going to be with us. If you have a few questions you can let us know, but just to end so we're going forward, we will be able to take in more money and there'll no longer be doubt because there was always doubt. I know the people that brought the lawsuit and you know they're sleazebags, major sleazebags, but I know them and they're foreign country-centric. They were sending things into our country and the people representing them knew full well but they were sending things into our country and they were beneficial to other countries but very, very bad for us and I stopped it and we'll just keep it going. So we have more of a... we have a totally firm decision now and I don't think the court meant it because the court doesn't show great spirit toward our country in my opinion, a lot of bad decisions, but there are usually ways around it. This is something we could have done as Justice Kavanaugh said we could have done this originally, but we're doing it now and the numbers could be far greater than the hundreds of billions we've already taken in. Yes please.

[16:42] Reporter:
Thank you so much, Mr. President. Justice Thomas and Alito, as you know, are the most conservative constitutional justices. Do you think that you'll get to a point two more justices later this term with similar ideology and what type of vetting process will they go through to ensure they uphold the Constitution?

[16:56] President Trump:
I don't know, but they're great justices. That's all I can say, and I hope they're going to be around a long time. I hope they're going to stay healthy. They're great people, they're great and Justice Alito too to add to the group. These are great, these are great men with a great love of our country and a great understanding of the law.

[17:16] Reporter:
Mr. President, are you going to ask Congress to take additional action on tariffs now?

[17:20] President Trump:
I don't need to. It's already been approved. I mean I would ask Congress and probably get it. When people look at the real numbers and you look at hundreds of billions of dollars that have come into our country. Yesterday I was at a steel plant as you know and went to great great place, great plant, great wonderful people and they were telling me, I said to them, you were there, a lot of the press in this room. Of course I don't think this plane's big enough to take the press in this room but a lot of the press right here we're in Georgia. And I said to the owner of... I made a speech at a factory, they make steel products. And I said how are you, nice to meet you, how's business? President, I'd love to kiss you. This is a very powerful man, I don't want to be kissed by that man. But a very powerful, strong man he's been in the steel business for many years, his father started it. And he said sir I want to kiss you. I said why? He said because we were down to working one hour a week and then you came in and imposed tariffs and all of that foreign junk that they were dropping into our country stopped and we're now going to double shifts, seven days a week and we may be very soon going to 24 hours around the clock almost seven days a week. He said sir I want to kiss you so badly. And I said no thank you. But but you know what he just and just to finalize it he said oh this a great place in Georgia. He said all up and down the highway, same exact answer sir. We're all going out of business, we're going to go bankrupt, we're all going out of business. And now every one of us are thriving and we're hiring people like we haven't he said like I've never and he's been in business for I think 45 years like we've never hired before. That's because of tariffs and we're going to keep it going the same way. And it's you're going to start to see the results in a year from now when all those factories start that are under construction right now. You see all the construction numbers are so good. Those construction workers are building factories that are going to be open including not only AI which is big, but car plants coming in from Canada who ripped us off for 30% of our market. Mexico ripped us off for a big portion. Over the years they've taken our market, they've taken our cars, they manufacture them in Japan, Germany, and all over the place because nobody standing in this position, the position I have as President of the United States had the insight the courage... I don't know what it is to charge tariffs. You can make your product outside, you can put our people out of business, you can put everybody on the unemployment rolls, but if you're going to make a car in some other country, you're going to pay a 15, 20, 30 percent tariff. And those things would have never happened, we wouldn't have lost our business. Same thing with as an example Taiwan. Taiwan came in, they stole our chip business, they make chips for 30 years longer they made chip chip chip and they put our companies Intel would be now the largest company I saved Intel. I literally saved it at the beginning of this administration. And now all those companies in Taiwan are building factories in Arizona, Texas, and various other places because they don't want to pay tariffs. They're all pouring into the United States. But just like that great patriot said yesterday, sir what you've done nobody thought was possible. And Steve Moore, a highly respected economist, came into my office yesterday he said you've done something nobody's ever done. 22 Nobel Prize winners in economics said we would right now be in a recession and you said no we're going to have a booming country we're going to have a booming country. You were right. All 22 were wrong and you were right. This country's booming and it's booming because of the election on November 5th and it's booming because of another reason, it's booming because of tariffs. Yeah please.

[21:35] Reporter:
Thank you, Mr. President. What will you say to foreign nations who seek to renegotiate their deals and what did you mean a moment ago when you said that the Supreme Court has been swayed by foreign interests?

[21:46] President Trump:
Well I think that foreign interests are represented by people that I believe have undue influence, they have a lot of influence over the Supreme Court, whether it's through fear or respect or friendships, I don't know. But I know some of the people that were involved on the other side and I don't like them. I think they're real sleazebags, major sleazebags, but I know them and they're foreign country-centric. They gotta do what's right for the country. You gotta do what's right for the Constitution. That's why I respect so much Justice Thomas and Alito, Kavanaugh because they they not only dissented, their dissent is so strong. When you read their dissent, you know a lot of times you read a dissent and it's like well, you know, it could go either way. There's no other way. The good news is, it's like Justice Kavanaugh said, very strongly said, you have other ways you can go you don't have to go that way you can go other way there are numerous other ways you can go. And frankly this should have been done by Presidents many years ago. They allowed our country to be eaten alive. We lost 50% of our car business. We used to make cars, we made all the cars. And then Mexico came and Canada came and Japan and Germany, but they're all coming back now, they're all coming back at record levels.

[23:09] Reporter:
Yesterday you made the case that the economy is the hottest it's been in a long time. January jobs report beat expectations, CPI report beat expectations, real wages are up. What would you tell Americans who are worried that this decision will kind of throw the economy that you have projected going in the right direction at a very rapid pace off-track?

[23:31] President Trump:
Well thank you for the question and I will say this. We really are at a very important point. I've been waiting for this decision so long. They could have made this decision a long time ago. Not complex. They're wrong on it, it's a ridiculous decision. But they should have released this so long ago. We waited months and that gave uncertainty. Now we have certainty and I think you're going to see the country get much stronger because of it. Look, we were ripped off by almost every country of the world. If you look at the surpluses almost every country in the world that did business with us our people were stupid. And I blame Presidents for it because they're ultimately the leader. We were being ripped off by almost every single country in the world had massive some massive surpluses. China had hundreds of billions of dollars in surpluses with the United States. They rebuilt China, they rebuilt the army. We built China's army by allowing that to happen. I have a great relationship with President Xi but he respects our country now. Know what we've done? I charged China a 20% tariff as a penalty for sending fentanyl in. And that was 20 times more than they could make by selling fentanyl. And I said you know at some point you're going to say like and they have reduced it. You know fentanyl's down by more than 30% coming into our country. Part of that is our strong border, we have a strong border now. But thank you thank you for your question.

[25:01] Reporter:
Sir, you warned once in a social media post that if the Supreme Court did this, shot down your tariffs, the US would be quote 'financially defenseless'. Are we financially defenseless right now?

[25:12] President Trump:
No, because we're doing something in a different way. We're doing something in a very powerful way and we're using things that some people thought we should have used in the first place. But it's more complicated. It's a little more complicated, the process takes a little more time, but the end result is going to get us more money and I think it's going to be great. Yeah please.

[25:31] Peter Doocy:
Thank you President Trump. So since Liberation Day there's about 175 billion dollars in tariff revenue that is now in limbo. Do you have to refund 175 billion dollars back?

[25:42] President Trump:
Think of it, Peter. Very fair question. They take months and months to write an opinion and they don't even discuss that point. We've taken in hundreds of billions of dollars, not millions, hundreds of billions of dollars. And so I said well what happens to all the money that we took in? It wasn't discussed. Wouldn't you think they would have put one sentence in there saying that keep the money or don't keep the money, right? I guess it has to get litigated for the next two years. So they write this terrible defective decision, totally defective. It's almost like not written by smart people. And what they do, they don't even talk about that. Your question is very basic. That was the first question I asked also to make you feel good. I said what about all the money that we've taken in? Sir, they don't discuss that. How crazy is that?

[26:37] Reporter:
What you are saying is, are you saying that you don't plan to honor refunds for companies that file for them?

[26:42] President Trump:
I just told you the answer, right? I told you the answer. It's not discussed. We'll end up being in court for the next five years.

[26:52] Reporter:
Thank you, Mr. President. Um, when you are talking about the relationship with countries that you have sought trade deals with, do you anticipate that they will seek to renegotiate those? What do you say to them and do you view this as a potential undermining power for your negotiation?

[27:09] President Trump:
Well we're going straight ahead with 10% straight across the board which we have the absolute right to do and that's taking place. That's a lot of money coming into our country. And then during that period of about five months we are doing the various investigations necessary to put fair tariffs or tariffs period on other countries. So we're doing that period but we're immediately instituting the 10% provision which we're allowed to do and in the end I think we'll take in more money than we taken in before.

[27:43] Reporter:
President Trump, you've used the tariff revenue to pay for a host of federal policies you've claimed that they will pay for them. What happens to those things?

[27:52] President Trump:
Well like the farmers. We took care of farmers. You know the farmers were mistreated by foreign countries very badly, very, very badly. And last week I gave them 12 billion dollars out of tariff money. We intend to out of tariff money because we're going to just so you understand, we have tariffs. We just have them in a different way. And now they've been confirmed by the Supreme Court of the United States. So there's no longer that question out there about tariffs and we'll be taking in hundreds of billions of dollars and countries that have treated us badly will have to pay a price for treating us badly and countries that have been good to us will be treated very well. I just left the top person in a place called Vietnam, just left my office. Great gentleman, strong and smart. He said you know, I think this means you're allowed to charge us more tariffs than before. And Canada said to Jameson, I might want to say it Jameson, but Canada said I hope you win this decision because if you don't win you'll actually be allowed to charge us with a little additional work higher tariffs. Jameson you want to comment on that?

[29:04] Jameson:
Yes sir. So to the President's point we have a lot of tools out there. We have section 122 which will be implemented today, it'll be signed today and implemented very shortly. We have section 301 investigations which are incredibly legally durable where we can address investigate and address unfair trading practices that have led to our huge trade deficit. And so you can look forward in the coming days and weeks to seeing all of that come out and we're going to keep continuity in the program and we're going to keep addressing this so that the deficit can keep going down that the trend it has and we can make America great again.

[29:39] Reporter:
Several of Republicans in Congress have supported this decision by the Supreme Court and Hakeem Jeffries, the Democratic leader, has called you a wannabe king. Why wouldn't you...

[29:51] President Trump:
Don't bother me. Low IQ. He doesn't even know, and I watched him the other day interview, the guy doesn't even know what a tariff is.

[29:58] Reporter:
But there's been bipartisan criticism of the tariffs. There's several Republicans have said that. Why wouldn't you just work with Congress to come up with a plan to push tariffs through?

[30:06] President Trump:
I don't have to. I have the right to do tariffs and I've always had the right to do tariffs and it's all been approved by Congress so there's no reason to do it. All we're doing is we're going through a little bit more complicated process, not complicated very much but a little more complicated than what we had. We'll be able to take in tariffs, more tariffs. And the Congress people...

[30:25] Reporter:
Congress voted down the Canadian tariffs last week, there's been votes in the Senate against it.

[30:30] President Trump:
Yeah because we lost two Republicans or three Republicans because they're not good Republicans. What you don't say, see you don't say that we had that we got 215 votes.

[30:41] Reporter:
You need 218 for something to pass.

[30:43] President Trump:
Yeah sure we do. We might have lost three votes and we got and what was the score on the Republican side? 215 to 3, right? But you don't say that. We have great unity. There's great unity in the Republican Party and I hope everyone's going to vote Republican because otherwise you won't have a country left because these people have been destroying they are destroying our country. Please.

[31:02] Reporter:
Mr. President, the 122 tariffs, that 10%... is that going to be for 150 days or do you want to charge that indefinitely?

[31:12] President Trump:
We have a right to do pretty much what we want to do but we're going to charge it starting effectively I think it's three days from now. Yeah please.

[31:18] Reporter:
Mr. President, you speak to a lot of factory workers, a lot of manufacturing workers. What does this Supreme Court ruling say, what's that message to those factory workers?

[31:26] President Trump:
Well I think the factory workers are happy because we're now telling them that they're going to... look, the man I met with yesterday who owned a factory who was out of business. He was out of business and now he's employing five times in fact I walked in he's got a brand new crane a brand new... I said how old is that crane? We got it in December. He's allowed to write it off in one... the Great Big Beautiful Act gave no tax on tips, no tax on social security, no tax on overtime. He said this, this great big beautiful bill frankly has been the best thing that's ever happened for the workers much more so than for rich people. The only thing it does for rich people it allows them to hire a lot more people. But when I saw him and then he said it's all up and down the line this is a place in Georgia, all up and down other factories doing different not only steel products different he said every one of us was out of business we could barely make it. Some of them were down to less than an hour a week, think of it, one hour a week to make just a few little trinkets or whatever they make. Now they're going round the clock. I had it a month ago I went to Michigan went to Ford and I met with Bill Ford the head of Ford and we were in one of the biggest plants an original plant from the early 1900s where by the way just I might add this it's not really relevant but it's all relevant murders are down the lowest since 1900 around the time that he had this plant. That's 125 years we have the lowest murder rate. Okay? And our crime is way down in the country. The factories that we're talking about, the people that we're talking about they are so thrilled with Trump. So whether we charge IEEPA tariffs or whether we charge tariffs under a different section, that's what we're going to be doing. There's no way we can ever... this is what happened to our country. This is why we owe 38 trillion dollars which we'll get rid of in pretty good course. We have a very incompetent Fed Chairman who likes high interest rates for political reasons he likes them. But we're going to have somebody very good interest rates should come down very substantially I think it I we should pay we should pay the lowest interest rates on the planet. There should be no country and we don't do that we're number 38. This is just bad policy for a long period of time. But what's happened is we've made America strong again, we've made America great again we should pay. As an example the country of Switzerland, we were getting almost no tariffs from them. We had a 40 billion dollar deficit and the Prime Minister called me up she said but we are a small country because I said we're going to raise it to 39% from nothing. That would have rendered them not very successful as opposed to right now they're considered elite. But if we put a tariff they would and I realized then she said but sir we are a small country. I said you're a small country with a big deficit for us. You're making a lot of money off the United States. If we do that or a lot of these elite countries they're elite because we let them make so much money and I want them to do well but I don't want them to do well on the backs of the American taxpayer. So I appreciate your question. Think it's reasonable.

[35:01] Reporter:
President Trump, you said that you were disappointed with that. But were you surprised with this decision? What are what you felt when you...

[35:06] President Trump:
I was surprised because I thought that what we did was number one according to I mean I read the paragraphs, I read very well, great comprehension. I read everything there is to read and I said we can't lose this case. But we can when judges are political, when they want to be politically correct, when they're catering to a group of people in DC maybe, I don't know what it is. Because when you read it, there's no other interpretation. But it's okay because what has come out and I'll say it for the third time and maybe the last time in a while is that we've taken the uncertainty of tariffs out because we had uncertainty. We got sued by sleazebags, I know them well, that are very outside country China-centric but outside country-centric and they're going to end up not doing as well as they did before. America was becoming really, really we're strong again. Hey, we have the strongest military I built I rebuilt the military in the first term. We have the most powerful military we make the best equipment and even them you know we have to we could do much better we have people that get paid a lot of money to manufacture patriot missiles and javelins and all the different things but when you want them they're too slow and we put them on notice and they're going to make we're our country is is building a lot of things right now and our country is doing really well and we're going to keep it that way. The bottom line is that the word certainty is now in the equation. Every single thing I said today is guaranteed certainty. It's been tested as Jameson said a thousand times literally you I said hundreds of times he said sir actually thousands of times and won in all of the courts and we're just going back to that and the problem is that we had other Presidents that weren't into trade maybe they weren't business oriented maybe they weren't smart we had some dummies too you know respectfully say we had some real dummies. So we are going to keep it going just as before probably more so. But it's you're no longer going to be asking every time I got up you'd ask well what happens if you can't charge tariffs? Now we can. And by the way in their decision they specifically said we can do these. We have alternatives. Yeah.

[37:35] Reporter:
Even on on the trade deals that were negotiated using IEEPA tariffs, do those stand now or are they have to be redone?

[37:43] President Trump:
Well some of them stand, many of them stand, some of them won't and they'll be replaced with the other tariffs.

[37:48] Reporter:
And the Supreme Court Justices who ruled against this policy striking it down, are they still invited to your State of the Union next week and will you still speak with them?

[37:59] President Trump:
They are invited. Barely. Barely. Three are happily invited. No no, they're barely, they're barely invited. Honestly I couldn't care less if they come. Okay?

[38:14] Reporter:
Thank you, Mr. President. Uh, on the trade deal which is the framework which is signed to be signed with India sometimes soon, will that stand now and on the decision...

[38:26] President Trump:
Nothing changes. Nothing changes. No nothing changes. They'll be paying tariffs and we will not be paying tariffs. Our deal with India is they pay tariffs we this is a reversal from what it used to be as you know. India and I think Prime Minister Modi is a great gentleman, a great man actually. But he was much smarter than the people that he was against in terms of the United States. He was ripping us off in India. So we made a deal with India and it's a fair deal now and we are not paying tariffs to them and they are paying tariffs. We did a little flip.

[39:00] Reporter:
So is it off as of now for this India deal?

[39:04] President Trump:
No the India deal is on. All the deals are on it's just we're going to do it in a different way.

[39:10] Reporter:
Thank you so much Mr. President. I think there's another war that you stopped and you should take the credit which is in Syria. Secretary Rubio after his meeting in Munich with the Syrian Foreign Minister and the Kurdish General Mazloum Abdi, he said that President Trump was directly involved in efforts to stop the fighting between the Kurds and the Syrians. How will your administration will make sure that this peace is sustained and do you support the idea of...

[39:33] President Trump:
Well it's a very different topic so I don't want to spend a lot of time but all I can say is that the President of Syria who I essentially put there is doing a phenomenal job. He's a rough guy, he's not a choir boy. A choir boy couldn't do it but Syria's coming together really coming together well and thus far he's been very good to the Kurds. Yeah.

[39:56] Reporter:
Sir, what's your message Mr. President what's your message to the Iranian people after two rounds of talks with them? Do you have any message to the Iranian people?

[40:04] President Trump:
The Iranian people? In Iran or people here? People in Iran? Uh, they better negotiate a fair deal. They better negotiate. You know the people of Iran are a lot different than the leaders of Iran and it's very very sad situation. But 32,000 people were killed over a relatively short period of time. They were going to hang 837 two weeks ago. Hang, hang some by crane. They lift them up with a tall crane and they play them around the square. They were going to hang 837 people. And I gave them the word if you hang one person even one person that you're going to be hit right then and there. I wasn't waiting two weeks and negotiating. And they gave up the hanging. They didn't hang 837 supposedly they didn't hang anybody. But no I feel very badly for the people of Iran they've lived like they've lived in hell. Please.

[41:01] Reporter:
Thank you sir. Mr. President, you mentioned multiple times foreign influence over the Supreme Court. Do you have evidence of that and if not will you investigate that?

[41:11] President Trump:
You'll find out. You'll find out.

[41:14] Reporter:
What alternatives are you going to put into place in your relationship with Europe and also those tariffs that have been called illegal how they're going how they're going to impact the relationship with Russia that you sanctioned some countries...

[41:26] President Trump:
Well I want Europe to strengthen up. Europe has gone woke. Europe is not recognizable when you go into so many places. Not all countries. You look at you look at Hungary, you look at Poland, Czech, Slovakia, there are some countries that have gone very much the opposite, some real and some others. Uh, but Europe has to be strong and they've become soft and not recognizable. You go into some of the countries I don't want to be specific but I think everyone knows what I'm talking about. And they're not recognizable. They've become... the environmentalists have taken over. They've got windmills destroying their fields and their beautiful meadows and their oceans and they're paying a fortune. Uh, no. Europe has to get smart. Europe's getting killed on two things: energy and immigration. And if they don't solve both of them fast Europe Europe is not the same place. Yeah please.

[42:28] Reporter:
Justices Gorsuch and and Barrett. Are you surprised in particular by their decision today and do you regret nominating them?

[42:36] President Trump:
I don't want to say whether or not I regret. I think their decision was terrible. I think it's an embarrassment to their families, you want to know the truth, the two of them. Yeah.

[42:53] Reporter:
Specifically on that $2,000 tariff check... specifically... Mr. President to be clear do you believe at the end of implementing these new tariff tools the tariff rate and tariffs will ultimately be higher than they currently are?

[43:06] President Trump:
Potentially higher. Uh, it depends whatever we want them to be. But we want them to be fair for other countries and you know we have some countries that have treated us really badly for years and it's going to be high for them and we have other countries that have been very good and it's going to be very reasonable for them.

[43:24] Reporter:
Thank you Mr. President. Do you have any plans to travel to India for the Quad Summit and how do you think your relationship with India is right now?

[43:35] President Trump:
I think my relationship with India is fantastic and we're doing trade with India. India pulled out of Russia. You know India was getting its oil from Russia right? And they pulled way back at my request because we want to settle that horrible war where 25,000 people are dying every month. And my relationship with Prime Minister Modi is I would say great. I also stopped a war between India and Pakistan as you know. There were ten planes shot down that war was going and probably going nuclear and just yesterday the Prime Minister of Pakistan said President Trump saved 35 million lives by getting them to stop. That's and I did it largely with tariffs. I said look you're going to fight that's fine but you're not going to do business with the United States and you're going to pay a 200% tariff each country. And they called up and they said we have made peace. Okay? I just want to thank you all look great certainty has been brought back to the economy of the United States and actually the economy of the world because we generate so much in the world. We're the biggest in the world and we're now the strongest by far. We were a country that was dead one and a half years ago. Now we have the hottest country in the world. We're going to keep it that way. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you Mr. President.